what's your favorite song? :D<br>  I like too many songs to have a favorite	0
<3  </3 ? haha jk! <33	0
;hey angel  you duh sexy;  Really?!?! Thanks?! haha	0
(:  ;(	0
******************MEOWWW*************************  *RAWR*?	0
any makeup tips? i suck at doing my makeup lol  Sure! Like tell me wht u wnna know?! Like wht do you use?!	0
Apriiiiiiiiiiiill!!! I miss uuuu! It's Emma btw haha  EMMA hahahahah :D I MISSSSSeddd YUHHHHh 222222 <33333	0
Are you a morning or night person?  Night 4shuree!!	0
are you a trusting person?  alreadi answrd	0
are you a trusting person?  Yes veryy trustin person!!! May i help yuh:!	0
Are you and @TruAce best friends?  Ahaha!!! Yess of course aint dat rite @TruAce ?!?! Haha He so awesome tho! BCK OFF lol jk	0
Are you more of a talker or more of a listener?  Listener definitely chuz i get cut off alot so i just listen or ignore pplz!	0
Are yuh single and ready 2 mingle?!  Hahaha Yup! Bhut not lookin 4 a man rite atm chuz dey 2much drama!	0
ask me something!!!  :)	0
BAHAHAhAHA....took you longer enough;p......GEES GIRL hahah...no its totally okay:) i just wanted to play guess who i am hahaha..i fuckinggg love you too;) <3  Hahahahhaahhaha:D ikrr im a slow american wht more can i say lmfaoo!! hahaha <333 Aww! hahaha	0
bahahahahhaha ;p  lmaoo!!!!	0
Bitch u thee bomb like Tick TICK!  Hahah(: Thanks!	0
can you please sing a cover of any justin bieber song? :D  Hahaha... I dont sing!! LOL! so srry! Im horrible. btw I dedicate ;SMILE; 2 yuh! Its playing!!	0
Cats or Dogs?  Dogs! Im allergic 2 cats=	0
Chocolate or Vanilla?  Chocolate! Bahah!	0
definitely true! :D i've been learnin it for 5 years cuz i've frensh origins haha ;)  Ahhh!!;) wow 5yrs! man  its a gorgeous language! I love it!! this is my first year learnin it! haha NEWBIE!	0
Did u watch bieber on oprah?  Well sortaa! I just got 2 wtch thee Charice part! Shes awesome <3 hbu?!	0
Do you believe in life after death?  Yes of course i do... Its called Eternity with God in heaven!<3	0
Do you believe in luck?  Yes  bhut I think luck is blessing from God actually! in my opinioN!	0
Do you believe there's intelligent life on other planets?  If God created them then hellz yes!	0
Do you consider yourself a good dancer?  Hahaha Bitch i bring it lmao! Kinda i think lmao! I hve some black in me so yes haha	0
do you have a bf??  Nope ;/ Bhut Not Having a BF doesnt mean The WORLD ends;] I guess im waiting 4 the 1  ya kno? Hbu mamas?!	0
Do you have any favorite YouTube star?  I have 2 actually! Justin Bieber (ofcourse) && Scipio Mondai!	0
do you have any memories you'd like to forget?  Actually i do!!! Just my whole experience with this fake a$$ friend!!</3	0
Do you have any piercings?  Yuppers! Nose and Cartilage piercings(;	0
Do you have any scars on your body?  If so  how'd you get them?  Hahaha. Strange!:S	0
do you like atlanta  GA ?  yes i love ATL!! great place 2 live  wish i lived there! ;D	0
do you think that a size 10 is fat? i'm trying to be a size 5 by the end of the year.  Omg NO WAY!!! 10 is actually small!!! Don't change thee way you look 4 ANYONE!!! bhut yourslf. Kay?!	0
do you think you're a good friend?  Fuck yes i think i am! haha	0
do you watch american idol? if so  who are you voting for this season?  Awww man you just reminded me! I wtch it sometimes bhut i love Big Mike! Pplz are really wrong bout letting Katie go!! Argh . .	0
Do yuh have any stalkers?  Hell yes! Lots of them and thats including yuh!<3	0
don't listen to the haters  you are pretty!  :D thank you gurl/boy ? I really appreciate it!<33	0
Favorite store?  ATM Rue 21;D Or Forever21 <3	0
Fuck Justin bieber. He's a fucking fag  UM excuse yuh? HE IS NOT!! Ur a fuckin idiot! Kay? good	1
growl;]  Meowl?;D If thts a word haha<3	0
guesss who ;)  Idk hoe get cha own cup of blackberry with a hint of lemon ice tea. Dayumm! hahah JK Brooke?	0
-Haa you guessedd righhtttt:Dr its Maryyyy(: ahhh ilovee this picture!!!!!!!!!! mayb becuase youhr in it babe<3  Off courrseeee dudee hahahahaha!!!! Awhhh lol! i think i love it 2 chuz im in it lol!!!! jk! i love yuh!!	0
haaa its all qud  sorry abouht the ;hoe; thinq  iwas mad lol  lmfao! haha! Nahh its my badd;)	0
haha ;)so.. have u ever been to france?  Pfftt!! nahhh i hve never been outta this country!! Argh! hve yuh?! haha	0
haha check inside ur closet u mind find out who it is(;  Lmao!! kk lemme get my ass off this toliet seat then ill check!! Mwahah!! jk	0
HAHA NOPE IM NOT TAQUISHA EITHER....i TALK TO YOU ALOT ON TWITTER;) <3  OMG!!!!! tell me!!!! ughh grrr rawrr bianca? LMAO! idkk TELL ME!	0
HAHAH GUESS WHO!? <3  Mary?! lol hahahaha	0
hahah okey dokey!..sweet thang(;  Mwahaha!!! Sweet thang! i love it!!	0
Hahah. Funny how u defend that beiber kid.  & its also funny how u stalked my whole twitter! Nice goin! BITCH!	1
HAHAHA NOPE! ...  Uhhhhh!!!! OMG! Taquisha? LOL!	0
Have u ever licked thee floor?  Hahaha.. Yup!(: Its my job	0
have u seen JUSTIN BIEBER in person? (:  Nope:[ I wish  bhut hey i might someday rite haha..Hbu?!	0
Have you broken any bones?  If so  how?  Haha nahh ive just fractured some thumbs bhut itz all good lol	0
have you ever been on itellyouthat.com? go there and tell something to the world :D  Hahah OHKAY?!	0
have you ever had your heart broken?  Yup yup!!:P	0
hehe yup  it's awesome  but the pronunciation is incredibly haaard :D  haha!! it is haha lol!! man i hvnt even gotten 2 dat part yet! FML hah	0
Hello bitch! How's ur day going? Good I hope :) it's beautiful and sunny!  Ohh heyy bitchh!!! its goin good..:D thx 4 askin	0
Hello. My friend is also named April.  Nicee!	0
Hello?  Hey  hows yah momma?!	0
-Hellz yeahh(: of course i'm qoinqq i wannah b with you quy's  like duhh<3  ahahaha!!!(: It wuzz funn!(: lmao<3	0
Hey my name is April too! Haha. People named April are always cool. LOL.  Hahaha!!! Ohh cool wait are yuh thee april on twitter?! april2? haha yay! We beasts yo! haa	0
hey you're an amazing nice and sweet girl..pretty too!  Awwhhh!!!Thank yuh Jacob ur really nice!!! Might be my new bestie <33 Thank YUH SO MUCH!	0
Hey. Why you such a bitch?  Why thank yuh!	1
Heyyy Abrilll(:!!! iloveyhuuu<3 muchooo!!  Heyy Marribbbiii!! lmao! iloveyuhhh muchooo moeee!!!;) are yuh goin tmrw?!	0
heyyyyyy!!! how u doin!!!!!  Im doing good thankyuh!!!Heyyy hbu?!	0
heyyyyyyyy!!!!wats up!?!?(*)-)  Heyy ghurrr!!! Wuzz upp!! haha nuttin much just busyy!! hbu ma?	0
Hi April!!!  Heyy :D	0
how many languages do u speak?  Umm.. i think 2 bhut english is my first! im learnin french! ;d hbu?!	0
how old are u ? And how do you know michael?  Who the hell are yuh!!! And who tha fuck is michael!?	1
How would you describe your personality?  Hmmm...personal? root word.. lol umm probss... bubbly  nice  honest(sumtyms)	0
How would you describe yourself in 3 words?  Myself Bubbly Funny?	0
i love your hair.  iLoveYou! Thanks alot! Bhut its alot 2 keep up wit! Wanna trade haha!	0
i love youu chica!<33  NO no no! I Love youuu moreee<333 ;D haha!!	0
i love youuuuuuu (:  iFUCKINLoveyou!!!<33 xox ha!	0
i speak english frensh and a little arabic cuz i've been to egypt a lotta times :D  OMG! really?! cool thats so awesome! yeah i wanna learn more languages bhut french is already enuff 2 deal wit! ha	0
I think ur not pretty. Sorry.  Oh thats wht i think too! dnt be sorry hahaha! Silly goose	0
i'm bored can you tell me something funny? lool  Hahah!! ohhkayy?!?! lol Wht do you call a deer with no eyes? I have no ideer! haha Classic  umm i suck at this haha	0
IF U LIVE FOREVER WAT DO U LIVE FOR?????  IDKKK!!!GOD?! Not understndin this ? srry its like 3am hah	0
If you could ask Barack Obama one question what would it be?  Oh snap!! I would actually hug him first off ahah and say ;Nigga where my weed go?; Hahaha jkjkjk i love him!! He is doin a great job!	0
If you could ask George W. Bush one question what would it be?  Are you a lonely boy?	0
If you could be a star athlete in any sport  which sport would you pick?  Basketball<3	0
If you could be invited to one person's birthday party  whose would it be?  JUSTIN BIEBER's Bday parrtayy! haha	0
If you could be on one TV show which one would it be?  Keeping up with the Kardashians! or Kendra! My FAV shows atm!:D	0
If you could become any fictional character  who would you be?  Errmm...Harry potter? lol	0
If you could change your name  what would you change it to?  Thats a hard 1 . . . *thinkin* Maybe Bustin Jieber? I think! haha	0
If you could date any celebrity  who would it be?  Justin Bieber or Channing Tatum! haha yumm!	0
If you could eat dinner with any person  dead or alive  who would it be and where would you go?  Michael Jacko and Subway! Doh!	0
If you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so you never had to do it again  what would it be?  Put my towels back on the fckn rack! lol im 2 lazy 2 do it bhut it looks trashy when i keep it on tha floor.	0
If you could go back in time 10 years and tell your younger self something  what would it be?  Life is never going to be easy.	0
If you could go on a road trip with any person  dead or alive  who would it be and where would you go?  Justin Bieber.Duh. && Russia! ;]	0
If you could go on vacation for the next month with an unlimited budget  where would you go?  I would so travel thee world  Visit my overseas besties then shop everywhere!<3	0
If you could have an endless supply of any food  what would you get?  Strawberry-Banana Smoothies from Jack in the Box ;D Yah dig?	0
If you could have been the author of any book  what would it have been?  ALL thee twilight books chuz she got some good mula baby!	0
If you could make one person fall in love with you who would it be?  My Orthodontist docotr hahahaha!!! Jkjk or am i lmao!	0
If you could master one skill what would it be?  To never sin bhut will NEVER happen! See im already sinning  Never say never!	0
If you could only listen to one song for the next month  which would it be?  Up-Justin Bieber	0
If you could only read one magazine for the rest of your life  which would it be?  MMMag i love it!	0
If you could rid the world of one thing  what would it be?  HOE-ISHNESS! lol um prob. stupid bitches and SIN! i just sinned!Opppzz	0
If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?  MySelf!(:	0
If you had to cook dinner for someone tonight  what would you make?  Umm... we would go to jack-in-the-box! haha	0
If you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?  Chocolate;	0
If you had to perform at the circus  what trick would you do?  Read between these three fingas! haha	0
If you had your own talk show  who would your first three guests be?  Justin Bieber Demi lovato and Barack Obama babay!!:D	0
If you won a $1 000 shopping spree for any store  which store would you pick?  Apple store!(; Need a MAC pro!	0
If you won a million dollars what would you do with it?  Great question! Tithe Help people Shop!	0
If your house was on fire and you could only grab three things  what would they be?  Laptop Dogs Family Shoes bed clothes coffee maker oven washer&dryer refridgerator table&chairs pics camera bath tub! HAHAhAHAHAHHAHA!!!!	0
iLove your nose ring!  Awhh i love ur earrings!	0
-ilovee youuu bestfranhdd(: haa guesss whooo....  ilovee maryyy rosseeee hickkksss!!!! LOL!	0
ily!  ily2 boo!	0
Im good!! Juz got bak from the srip in vegas!!! It was awesome!!! I luved it!! Hav u evah been to vegas?:)  Awhh! Yuh so lucky ghurr!!!I bet yuh had a BLAST! & nahh ive never been bhut i would soo want to go!;D	0
Is @TruAce single!?  YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!4 theee lasttt timeee!!! Ask him http://www.formspring.me/TRUACE	0
justin bieber is my driving teacher oohh yess!..bahah we gonna be doing sumthing else instead of him teaching me how to drive(; lmao  HAHAHAHA TEACHIN HIM how to ur his stickshift Mwhahahahahaha! i llalala love you best frann!	0
lol oo no!..guurrrl u must be crazy!!..b/c i love u muchoo!.  Uhhh!!! lmao!! U got me lmao! jkjk we can go on 4 like eva! Lezzzdoooittt I Love you more than yo own momma! AHHA!!	0
Love you baby ;)  Love you More babe<3	0
love youu sexy thang(;  Mwahaha!! Thank yuh meh sexy bitch!! who is this!? haha	0
Mammaasss!! :D how are you? haha go to skype ;D  YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!! Its Late; haha i have church tmrw bhut soon kay? srry:[	0
Miley & Bieber!!!  Miley's a HOOCHIE! BIEBER ALL THEE WAY GHURL!!or boy!<33	0
NOPE IM NOT BIANCA EITHER:) heres a clue...i come from new zealand;) LOL  Chrisssy!!??? hahahahah Chantelle  Alesha Kailee? Tori?? LMFAO iddkkkkk	0
NOPEEE!! my name starts with b :O  OMFG!!! nooo wayyyy!!! Ughhh BROOOKKKEEEEE OMFG!!! im soo srry lmao lots of pplz r frmh ZEW ZEALAND! lmao I fukkinnn luvv yuhhhh hahaha!	0
OH VISIT ME IF YOU TRAVEL THE WORLD KTHXBYE. xx  Hahah Helllz yess! I will mamas!!<3 love u!	0
Omg Justin Bieber!!!! :) haha.  OMG!! ahhhh!! Where he go? Damn it he just fell off my window sil! haha jk!	0
Rate yurself?  I Love Justin Bieber! He's a 1000000000+ on a 1-10 scale HA!	0
shut up ur prettty!..ll  Shut up your prettier! <33	0
Sneakers or sandals?  Sandals 4suree ;D i wear them in thee winter 2! No lie! haha	0
Sooooooo srry this is late!!!:) im juzz doin mothur freakin boring!!:) zzzzzz zzzz snore snore!!:) LMBO  Hhahahahaah ohh noo problem mamas! ahah me2 im soo exhaustedd *yawn* *ywan* LMAO!	0
the girl on your background bottom right hand corner looks like anna maria perez de tagle.  :) Aww!! Yeahh she is my best friend * raphaela * Haha. She is german so i guess thts why! lmao <3	0
tht woul b so cool if u were here so i can me u!!!!!!  Ikrr that wud be awesome!!! I wish ;D	0
wat state do u live in?  Texas!!&Yuh hun?! xox	0
Well dats so tight ur friends wit @truace . How does it feel 2 kno him. Since ur his friend u wud kno does he hav a gf?  Ohhkayy! First offf i was playin  i mean he is a really nice person dnt kno him like all that! Bhut u should ask him!	0
well u say any language.. so.. coba tebak ini bahasa apa.. kamu ngerti ngga aku ngomong apa? ;)  Huh!? That doesnt make sense  Guns something! lmao Come again!? lol	0
What are you most excited about right now?  Ummm SUMMER bein almost here! Who isnt? haha	0
What did you dream about last night?  Shh....Dnt tell any1 k? haha! NOTHING! MWAH!	0
what do u guys prefer? Jonas brothers or justin bieber  Ahhh! I love em both but I would go for Justin Bieber!!! Well because i'm older. But I perfer them BOTH!	0
What do you think about formspring.me so far?  Its da shit! Fun stuff	0
What do you think is your most attractive feature?  My eyes! They are light brown and beautidul in the sun!(; Thanks God! oh and my hands! and ass lol jkjK!	0
What do you think was the greatest invention in your lifetime?  Thee comp? or cellfonne! hehe	0
What kind of glasses do you have?  Guess! haha no its the brand name.	0
What kind of music can you just not stand to listen to?  I cannot listen to that Heavy metal! I like me some rock(oldies) bhut not that scary shit ;D	0
What music are you listening to today?  Everything really! AHhaha Lovin my HipHop atm! Ester Dean is thee shyyttt!	0
What one thing are you exceptionally good at?  Urgh . . this is difficult to answer haha! Umm prob. fixing computers! ha yes i said it im like a WIZ at fixin comps that MYSELF and MOM destroy! AHAHA!	0
What TV show do you wish would go off the air for good?  The Hills! Chuz Lauren was thee whole point it was clld thee Hills and there is 2much drama! Bhut I still wtch it chuz i love 2 laugh at thee dumb shit! Spencer is a prick btw!;0	0
What was the best concert you went to?  Jonas Brothers Concert 8/13/09 ;D I still love em bhut Justin bieber is thee shit!	0
What was the happiest moment in your life?  I have many! 2many actually bhut i guess when i found my lifetime friends ;D	0
What was the last book you read?  The Miracle Worker	0
What was the worst advice you've ever received?  This person actually told me this ;fried; i had was not a true friend and she wants me 2 still be this person's friend! Thats a NONO!	0
What was the worst concert you went to?  Never been 2 1 tht was bad.	0
What was the worst job you've ever had?  I can't complain chuz i dnt have or had one! hahaha soon though! real soon! ;	0
What was the worst place you've traveled to?  Georgia Columbus. 2 b exact. I Dislike it. BORING!! Hotlanta is where its AT! ;*	0
What was your favorite birthday gift?  Life(: haha!! umm idk thats hard!	0
What was your favorite toy to play with as a child?  Now how the fuck am i suppose to remember that? Weirdo! maybe it was ur moms dick? lOL!	1
What was your favorite year?  1995 haha when i was bornwas my year! Doh!I didnt have 2 do ANYTHING on my own haha	0
What was your worst travel experience?  HA! goin to georgia just to see my dad's mother! Ugh i cnt stand her bhut God bless her soul! LONG LIFE STORY! haha	0
What website do you spend the most time on?  Oh good 1  Twitter (ofcousre) i love me some twitter peeps! They tha shit lol	0
What would be the best workplace perk?  Idk.. wait WHaaaa? lol	0
What would your perfect day look like?  Me&God eatin Chicken wings on His throne <3 ahaha	0
What's one food you'll never eat again?  Brussel srouts! YuCkIE! bhut i love cabbage and they're mini cabbages! LMAO!	0
What's one thing you own that you should probably throw away  but never will?  My old school shit   i wud SOOO throw it away bhut my mom! Urgh	0
What's the best gift you've ever given?  The important 1 is Love  bhut ive given people themselves! Like i let my friends have themselves instead of me! It helps to see who they are as a person! Very important! Viseversa.	0
What's the best place near you to get a drink?  Hahaha! Wait wht kind of drink! LOL well JackInTheBox is like not evn a mile away frmh my house! So there! i guess thts wht ur askin lmao! XP	0
What's the best place near you to get some ice cream?  Hmmm....U makin me hungry first of all! && Dairy Queen! YUMM!!	0
What's the best place near you to get some ice cream?  Umm...Diary Queen? or JackINTHEBOX! 4 my smoothies of course not ice cream! Mwah	0
What's the furthest you've ever traveled?  Virginia	0
What's the longest you've ever gone without a bath or shower?  Haha! Maybe 2days? lol idk	0
What's the most delicious meal you've ever had?  Wow. this is a hard 1 i dnt think ive had 1 or i have many! I love my smoothies tho! YUMMIE!	0
What's the origin of your name?  Idk... its a month that 4 sure lol	0
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?  A piece of grass?	0
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?  I Havent Gotten 2 that part!! haha	0
what's your best achievement?  Wow awesome question....I think my best achievement would be ;Finding who i am; thats thee most important!!<33	0
What's your biggest phobia?  ummmm...messy rooms;	0
What's your dream car?  Something cute and ME!! haha you kno? well a beamer is my dream car basically! or a porshe!	0
What's your earliest memory?  Haha! Staring at my doctor thru sunglasses while he was in my mouth! HAHAHA!!!	0
what's your fave song?  My fav song girly!!! is umm.. Up & Running by @jessicajarrell atm! But i have lots :) hbu!?	0
What's your favorite drink?  Mmm... ROOT BEER! haha my fav drink eva! POW	0
What's your favorite food?  Actually its cabbage!;D	0
What's your favorite genre of music?  POP!	0
What's your favorite movie quote?  Crap this is hard  haha umm ;People Need Inspiration;- The Last Song <33	0
What's your favorite type of flower?  Pink Roses!(:	0
what's your favourite colour?  Pink & Neon green(:	0
what's your favourite movie?  ;) Umm.. A walk to remember! or The Last song! Ugh theirs ALOT! haha hbu!	0
What's yur fav color?  PINK&NEON GREEN!Yeahh buddie	0
whats ur fav tv showww? :D <3  Umm. . . good question i have many bhut i guess 16 and pregnant would be 1 of my fav ones atm. ;D	0
when ever you go to google translate  DONT USE IT!!! trust me....  Hahaha wht are u tlkn bout girl!	0
When was the last time you gave flowers?  Never;;	0
When you were a kid  what did you want to be when you grew up?  Actually i was that kid who wanted to be by herself so i guess when i grow up im going to be ME lol! Hard question 2 answer.	0
Where are ya From??=)  U.S.A!!!;] Known as Mars!!<3	0
Where would you like to spend your retirement?  Haha...when i turn 60 ish ask me this! lol	0
where would you most like to live?  Los Angeles! <33	0
where's your ideal holiday destination?  Umm... Dallas Texas! haha Idk im so plain so idk! Mwhaha	0
Who and when was your first kiss?  Umm.. Long time ago bhut i was like 5 or 6 haha Cory!	0
who are your top three celebrity crushes?  Yumm... Justin Bieber P-diddys son JDoir YUMMM....haha not really a celeb bhut yeah! && Channing Fckn TATUM!!haha Oh damn!!	0
Who are your Twitter besties?  Ohh mann this is a GREAT ? Chrissy Michelle Savannah AJ Bianca and lotss more + you!<33	0
who decided to take a shit on your face?  im not quite sure! ill tell ya when i find out! I promise(:	1
Who do you think should be the next president of the United States?  Umm... Barack Obama 4 another 4 years! iLovehim!	0
Who was the best teacher you've ever had?  Mmmh... My second grade teach Mrs. Caldwell <3	0
Who's the funniest person you know?  Prob. me or my seester (robbie) hahaha makes me wanna shit myself EVERYTIME she speaks lol	0
Who's the most famous person you've met?  Urgh no1 yet! Keep hopin though!	0
Who's the most overrated athlete?  Michael Jackson! haha wait wrong one  Michael Jordon i meant ahah	0
who's the prettiest person you know?  idkk... mwauuuhhh!(:	0
Who's the sexiest woman alive?  I do not judge gyrls im not bi or a lezzboo!! K thanks'	0
Who's the smartest person you know?  @JustinBSource 4 sure LMAO!	0
Why do u follow the bandwagon? Formspring. Twitter. What's next gay Justin beiber.  Well im not following anything and really BANDWAGON?!?! soo oldd!! Its more like trend these days! Justin Bieber* Idiot! Cnt spell!	1
Why do u like lil kids like Justin Beiber?  Umm... he has a bigga heart than you will EVER have so before you start to hate on a 16yr old that you obviously are addicted to  get your facts straight kay?	0
Why do u like that beiber kid so much. He's lame and can't sing.  Umm.. u kno wht WTF ever! STOP HATIN!	0
-woaahhhhhh! Likee dude i'm in youhr backround!!! :D AWESOMEEEE! <3 ilybbyy(:  - Marryyyyy!!!!??/ LOL! itss yuhh boo!!! Hahaha Noo durr suckkaaa!!! Nahhh i loveee yuhhhh mooOee!!!	0
would u ever go bungee jumping like justin did?  Hahaha i think i would! I always do thee same shizz all thee tyme so yes i would hbu ?! ;D	0
Would you rather be a famous musician or a famous actor?  Not a guy! haha maybe a cheerleader haha jkjk!	0
Would you rather be a vampire or a werewolf?  Werewolf -AkA-  Jacob's Pride lol! His good part! lol	0
Would you rather be a zombie or a mummy?  Zombie 4sho!	0
Would you rather be rich or famous?  Famous(: Bhut im ME 4 rite now!	0
Would you rather date a lot of different people  or be in a committed relationship?  Both? LOL! jk	0
Would you rather get up early or sleep late?  SLEEP LATE!!Duh!	0
Would you rather own a luxury yacht or a private jet?  JET!!(: Hate boats! Worst experience ever was on a boat! Never again!	0
Would you rather swim in a pool or the ocean?  Pool	0
Would you rather work at a large company or a small one?  None! haha	0
yea it's different from warm cali  but's cool :D weeeell gtg now :| gonna meet some friends i a few minutes lol.bye :] xx  Ohh man i bet its tha shit!! Ohhkayy!(: be safe have fun!! <33	0
yeh you r right... how should the 1 be?? i have no bf too!:)  Yehh hahaha...idk.its weird..Boys r Boys So Im Me!!!alone hahah	0
Yooooo mate   RinnaLovesJB here. heyhey  ask me anything ! (:  Hahaha(: ight	0
you need or should delete that 911 tweet. Not funny at all! you know how many people died that day including my father and brother  Umm...im truly sorry! bhut i didnt mean it in ANYWAY like u obviously got offended by!and i said it wasnt funny! So before you get all angry nd shit ill delete that tweet! Kthanks btw RIP ur daddy and brother	0
your attitude is so fun :)  Thank yuh soo muchh!!!;D Im likin yurs 2 Mwah!	0
:D nada  ummm... what? u didnt know jose was my first kiss?	0
:O lol no freaking way! btw  i didnt ask that :D  no freaking way what???	0
ahhh true.. true... plus it plays music XD  Exactly!!!!!(:	0
If you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?  Ahh.. Probably Cookies! D:	0
Pshhh liar ^^  haha im not a liar(:	0
What did you eat for breakfast today?  Cereal!	0
What do you think is your most attractive feature?  Ewwiee! Nothing haha(:	0
what is one thing you can't live without?? :] its me right?  Hahaha of c	0
What is your biggest accomplishment?  Ummm probably playing softball for 10 years(:	0
What was your favorite birthday gift?  a neckalce given to me by my love(: <3333	0
What's the best place near you to get a drink?  Starbuckks!!!!(:	0
What's your favourite part to watch in Rent?  hmmmm. think the part where te guy at support sings tht part makes me tear up=/ La ve boheme is a good one two	0
Where'd you find out about formspring.me?  Umm Bunch of people just joined  and i got bored  so i wanted too!	0
who was ur first kiss  umm.. haha i dont know why you want to kn	0
Why u so perfect!? ;)  hahaha!!! im the farthest from	0
Are you wearing the p<br>  I'm not wearing	0
Do you have a boyfriend?<br>  yess (:	0
can you come to my party tonightt ??  who iss thiiis ???	0
damn. i hate shiiiit talkers on formspringgg. i thought it was just a random question site thing  ahaha thankss kidd ndd yeah i knoo reallyy huh...theeree soo stupidd there to scaredd to sayy anythingg too myy face	0
i heart<3 youu.  ahahah ii loveeee yuuuu moreee(:	0
i lovee joiee<3  ii lovee yuuu moree:P	0
i wub you Joie(:  (: ahaha hii ceara..	0
is jon the person u like?  noo itss nottt	0
Joie is beautifulllll. :)  aww thankss yuu aree to	0
Joiieeeee:) I LaLaLovee Youu  <3  ahaha	0
lmao.. ;yurr reall funny skinny ass bitchh;.. hm.. that isn't really much of an insult now is it? what if i was fat? lol u suck at talkn shit :] later white trash skank :] ur super ugly nd that guy u like really isnt gonna come back around for u. laterrrr  ahhaha yuurr funnyy reall funny ndd i dntt want hatt guy too comee bckk too mee anyyy moree.ndd yeahh i suck at tlking shit.?i jstt dntt tlk shitt over thiss i wouldd tlk itt to yuurr face iff i knew whoo thiss wass.BITCH.! gett a life ndd stopp worrying aboutt mines.....!	1
lol how cute u have friends that back u up :] doesnt matter. ur still a fake bitch :] go find a real bf. not someone out of ur league. lol ugly ass  wow yeahh im a fake bitch yuur thee onee thatss scaredd to sayy all thiiss shitt in myy face.bitchh..!scard too gett fuckedd uuppp...!?!?! yurr reall funny skinny ass bitchh	1
piratee's or ninja's? Ahah  pirateesss .	0
really. travis?  watt yuu meann...?	0
shit talkin bitch  wow reallyy whyy aree yuu tlking all thiis shitt over thiiss formsprings ndd nott inn myy facee whooss thee pussy	1
still a bitch :]  oh wow okay butt yuurr thee onee thattss tlking shittt....cuzz idntt evnn knoo whooo thiisss iss...!	1
Suck it  ahaha all readyy h	1
uhm i think i love me some freaking joie thasss right  <3 :D  ahahah ndd ii lovee mee alott off myy lil floricell(: <33	0
What do you think is your most attractive feature?  uhmmm ?	0
What's your favorite drink?  lemenadeee(:	0
Who do you like?  ummm.....ahhh hottt seniorrr(:	0
Who is ur lover???  welll forr righhtt noww no onee iss_):	0
Who's the most talented person you know?  uhm (:	0
why do u try so damn hard to fit in just be  your fucking self if you know how  ahahah funny	0
whyy aree youu suchh aa faggottt(:  ahahaha i noo	1
you a sexxyy mommma =)  Ahaha thanks	0
your such a slut!!!!!!!!!! vvv  umm okkkayy thankss_(:	0
your ugly.  oohhh well thanksss yuuur soo	1
<3 I love you  you're so beautiful.  I wanna be your boyfriend too.  sure you do liar	0
;I have one for your information; WTF. That's MY LIFE  NOT YOURS. You best think twice before you try to steal my stuff  bitch.  BITCH WHO THE FUCK SAID I WAS STEALIING YOUR STUFF? DUMB FUCK	1
;Show your face Anonymous; WTF?! You make no sense you fake ugly bitch  i never said i did	1
(: Stop hating on my page  kthx.  why would i wanna hate on you?	0
(:  : )	0
(girls)Can you belly dance?r (guys)can you break dance?  haha no	0
..are you? all you can say lmfaoo. well  your fake everyone knows it  no need to go on about it(: sayoonarra<3  i can say more  IM NOT FAKE	1
:(  D:	0
:] im sorry  im not the one being a fake of some lady lol comeon now >.> be your damn self (: and im not fucking mental  i know what js means. i think you need to stfu and get a damn life instead of beng on here and faking some girl ; btw NICE COMEBACK!  I didn;t say you were mental i put that because some people don't what means duh. Your comebacks suck too	1
:] you are fake though :D ? that makes no sense lolol why would you keep faking all these formsprings  your stuuupid :p we all know the real ashlee girls formspring already  soo fuck off may you?  bitch i aint fake she is	1
:3 wow ashleeee your fakes amuse me lmao  okay  you are retarded to keep this page upp :]  your retarded	1
`` im very sexy `` My fucking ass. duuude that made me laugh so fucking hardd(: thank's for making my day ;D  your welcome faggot	1
13?r you're at the perfect age to learn how to suck dick and give hand jobs.  SICKO	1
484 264 3364 ; you should call me.  okay.	0
ahaha my mom is dead :) but thanks ugly ass bitch that NO BODY knows and has no life and has to talk shit on formspring to pretty girls that she is jelouse of :) alright bitch.  you ain't pretty pshh don't make me laugh	1
and you called me fat why?  i don't know I'm sorry	1
are you fake?  No are you	0
are you famous or something? i haven't heard of you.. [x  Nopee	0
are you fat?  nope	0
Are You Good At Hangman? I Suck At It >.<  no	0
are you mental? she made a proof video! you cant lie  are you	0
Are you ready to start school? I am <3.  yea >_<	0
are you single?  yea	0
ashlee cyrus florida  Hey im ashlee im tired of everyone commenting on my damn formspring talking shit  okay?	0
ashlee cyrus...r cyrus is a lame last name.r everyone knows if your a cyrus  you gotta be fake  and you're probably reall ugly in real life.r LMFAO.  duh of course cyrus isn't my real last name it's my fake last name.	1
ashlee....i've had the biggest crush on you for awhile!  i don't go on here a lot.  but please message me on www.findersingle.com under the username ;wishfulthinker;.  please don't get all weird.  =)  NO NO!!!!!!!!!!!	0
Ask me anythInclude Your User Info   ing  who are u?	0
baha  actually  im going to go on now :) BITCH ARE YOU FUCKING STUPID? >.> the REAL ashlee has a proof video  your dumb  your probably just some old man behind a computer screen<3 go fuck yourself<3  nope	1
Basicc Information -  Name ? Age ? Location ? Grade ?  ashlee 13 florida 7th	0
best lil wayne song?  umm idk	0
Best thing that happened to you this summer? :]  nothing really	0
BETTY IS LIKE ADORABLE. YOU LOOK LIKE A CRACK HEADS SHIT IN A TOILET MY DEAR  that doesn't even make sense	1
BITCH STFU AT LEAST I RECOGNIZE MYSELF NOT LYK U  should i care bitch	1
bob  pepe?	0
but your fake!!  I'm not fake (:	0
Call me tomorrow at 7:00 AM.  OK	0
Chick? Are you a fucking lesbain?  No are you	1
Chicken Or Hamburgers?  chicken <3333	0
cuter  me?	0
cyrus?  stalker?	0
do i even know you ? and why the fuck are you leaving shit on my wall. seriously?get a life.  cuz i felt like it :) i have one	1
do i know you?  Do I know you?	0
Do words really hurt you?  no	0
do you curse?  yea	0
Do you hate when people give short boring answers to your questions?  yea all the time	0
Do you know anyone who will do almost  anything for attention? -_- .  yea my sister	0
do you like adtf  yea	0
do you like bodtf?  yea :)	0
do you like nevershoutnever  kinda	0
Do you like to clean?  yea i don't like it when it's dirty	0
Do you like your name?  yea :)	0
Do you love Twilight as much as this? I bet this will be your new homepage. http://MyTwilightSearch.com  ew i hate twilight	0
Do you miss your hometown?  lol no	0
do you think you could make it in the woods with just camping supplys for a week? {no cellphone.)  hell no	0
Does it bother you when strangers try to tell you what to do?  yea -__-	0
Does it make you mad you have tonsssss of hate groups on myspace?  I don't care anymore	1
does your bedroom door have a lock on it?  no	0
Don't call her a bitch vv  just did	1
Don't You Hate How People Make Fake Celerbity Pages? >.<  yea that is sooo annoying	0
dont you hate it when people are only dating for about 2 days and they put ;i love (the persons name); on there statuses and stuff? I do >.<  i hate that so much	0
DUDE  ARE YOU SERIOUS YOUR SO STUPIDDDD >.> STFU!:) and btw  if your tired of people talking shit on your form spring  delete this accountt >.> and be yourself  are you that bad?  not as stupid as you js[just saying]	1
dude  ewwwwr go home roger  back at you	0
dude it seems like everyone hates you. you should just delete all your socialing sites. (:  should i care?	1
Dude she's faking herself  no one else in the world would fake her!  No im not	0
Ever been in a gang? :O  no	0
ever dyed your hair? if so how many times?  never	0
Everyone Look  This Girl Was Using Missy Lockes Pictures And I Told Her She Was Fake  Then She Was Like Im Not Fake  Then She Took Bettys Pictures. SHES DUMB! http://www.formspring.me/LMT23  k	1
ew you're gross. ugly. BITCH  not as gross as you bitch	1
ewwwwwwww  okay i know im ew	1
Faaaaake. :D  I am not fake	1
fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake  Your fake	1
fake!  I'm not fake	0
Fake.  your fake	1
Faveee Timee - Sport ?  volleyball	0
favorite band  hm i don't have one	0
favorite color?  purple : )	0
favorite song?  hmm probably Alejandro by lady gaga	0
favorite song?  I already answered that	0
Favve Song ?  alejandro by lady gaga	0
get a life you twisted bitch!  You get a life	1
get naked  Ew no	0
GIRLS - Do|Have you cheered? GUYS - Do|Have you played football? :]  nope	0
GIRLS; Have You Ever Faught Over A Guy? What Happened? GUYS; Has A Girl Ever Faugh Over You? What Happened? :]  nooo	0
GO TO HELL xD  you go to hell ugly wannabe scene chick.	1
Grosss! Your face is nasty  so is yours	1
Grosss! Your face is nasty  so is yours you don't see me complaining	1
guess what you should do? GET A LIFE. I don't even know you so why would you even start shit with me?! Seriously  you must be a bit messed up in the head. Pathetic.  i have one for your information Nope i ain't messed up	1
GUYS- What do you hate most about girls?  GIRLS- What do you hate most about guys?  they can be annoying	0
haha lifeless cunt stop writing on my wall you shit faced slut  yo mamma	1
Have you ever been to Georgia<33? :]  no but i wanna go their	0
Have you ever hated that you loved someone? >.<  not really	0
Have you ever went to someones page & seen them asking theirselves questions  But when you ask them about it  they deny it? I've seen it -_-  yea that is sooo stupid	0
heey. how many other formsprings do u have? like 50? damn. get a life.  you care why?	1
hello.  hey?	0
here's a cookie eat it : D  Yay nom nom	0
Hey  it's your cousin again :] When are you coming to visit us? I'm gonna make a formspring :]  idk	0
hey everyone  this is the girl that fakes ta  k	1
Hey im ashlee im tired of everyone commenting on my damn formspring talking shit  ..........	0
Hey im ashlee im tired of everyone commenting on my damn formspring talking shit  ///	1
hey why dont you go kill yourself alot of ppl would be really happy :)  why would i wanna do that?	1
heyyy  your an ugly fucking bitch  you think your sexy? haha  you ain't shit besides an ugly bitch. & beware of what? ill fucking put your shit on blast. fucking stupid ass cunt. fuck off  & stop hatein on peoples pages before i go off on your ugly ass.  please bitch what are you going to do nothing. If i were i would get a life	1
hi asslee asshole :D  Hi anonymous	1
Hi you smelly rotten poo. You smell like pigs vomit! Did you just go to the toilet? I wondered what that smell was  you missed the toilet and it fell on your ugly clothes  are you poor? You stink like hamster poo. I'd love to ram a metal pole up your ass.  I'd love to see you get hit by a car :)	1
hi you're ashlee and you're not 16 and you're ugly as hell so beware bye ;)  if i were you i wouldn't be talking beth (:	1
hi  Hey	0
hi  hey (;	0
Hmm  What Questionss? Inbox Me Some Ideas ;]  sure	0
how are you?  Great you?	0
how is your mom  great  yours?	0
How Many Siblings Do You Have?  1	0
How many silly bands do you own? :]  none	0
How much do you have sex?  what type of question is that sicko	1
how often do you go to the salon and get something done to your hair?  like twice a month	0
How old are you?  does it matter	0
http://files.formspring.me/profile/20100511/4bea173ca6455_thumb.jpg  stalkerrrr	0
I don't know you  and I've never said ur ugly. please dot comment on my looks.  learn how to spell (:	1
i dont know you  but you seem like a bitch  I'm not	1
i found you on jensens thingie. i cant really see your picture but i guess your cute?  on what? thanks (:	0
I Hate When Formspring Messes Up  Don't You ? -_-  sometimes	0
i hate when people are mad at for no reason at all...what about you?  i dislike that	0
i hope your asswhole gets sniffed by aids  Hope you get aids (:	1
I know  they're amazing!! The singer Jeremy McKinnon is soooooo funny :) He loved giving me high fives. My shirt is so cool too. It's with a fat guy on it. lol. Do you know the band August Burns Red?  dude like i said your so lucky! no	0
i like how everyone writes you just to insult you. seriously  all your questions are dissing you! HAHAH.  Are you sure im not dissing you	1
i like yur bg  thanks	0
I LOVE ADTR! VvV They're my fav. I know every song by heart.  serious? they are a good band :D	0
i never said that i'm 16 or that i'm sexy. dumbasssssss  are you sure bitch?	1
I really wanna take you downn ;] ( It's a song! ) lmfaoo .  lmfao i thought something else	0
i swear to fucking god bitch. i hate you so much. you think you can add people and just talk shit on there pages? haha  naaa. yuuu must got us fucked up. im going to hunt your ass down and beat the shit out of youu with my own to hands. kbitchhhh?  lame ass joke you can't do shit	1
I'm not a creepy stalker. Just everyone fucking hates you so everyone knows what you fucking do. You remind me of Harmony Flashpink but uglier and alittle more pathetic. Everyone knows you fake yourself and other girls  and you want attention. Dumbfuck.  i dont fake myself	1
i'm not fake (:r sorry.  liar	1
If you had to perform at the circus  what trick would you do?  idk........	0
If Your Going To Be Rude & Give Smart Ass Answers; We Will Unfollow You. :]  okay	1
im a big fan of betty and u is ugler than her so fuck up bitch u ugly shit head  oh wow should i care	1
im bored  same here :	0
Is There Anyone You Wish You Never Met? -_-  no	0
It's your cousin again lol :] why is everyone saying your fake?  they are stupid	0
its cool how you swear when your only 13 :)  i know	0
lala  lololol	0
Learn how to spell? Learn how to tell apart a typo from a spelling error.   And learn how to be a proper fake.  you learn to keep your damn mouth shut	1
LMFAO  you're fucking creepy & must have no friends nor life  if you have to create muliple formsprings of yourself  saying theyre fakes. Quit thinking everyone wants to be you  & they copy you. No one would fake you. I'm sorry your such a pathetic poser.  your the one who is creepy stalker	1
lyrics for You Should Have Killed Me When You Had The Chance ADTR  So I say goodbye to a town that has ears and eyes I can hear you whispering as I walk by Familiar faces smiling back at me and I knew This would make them change  The only thing that's going to bother me Is that you'll all call yourselves my friends  Why can't you look me in the eyes one last time?  The writings on the wall  you've read that I'll be gone  but if you call my name Just know that I'll come running  for one more night to spare with you This is where I'm meant to be  please don't leave me  Iu2019ve read these stories a thousand times  and now Iu2019ll rewrite them all Youu2019re meddling in an anger you canu2019t control She means the world to me  so hold your serpent tongue Is a whores lies worth dying for? I'll just take my time  The only thing that's going to bother me Is that you'll all call yourselves my friends  Why can't you look me in the eyes one last time?  The writings on the wall  you've read that I'll be gone  but if you call my name Just know that I'll come running  for one more night to spare with you This is where I'm meant to be  please don't leave me  I walked into your house this morning I brought the gun from our end table Your blood was strewn across the walls They'll find you on your bathroom floor  I walked into your house this morning I brought the gun from our end table Your blood was strewn across the walls They'll find you on your bathroom floor when I'm done  But should I write it all off? But should I write it all off? But should I write it all off? (You should have killed me when you had the chance) But should I... ? (You should have killed me when you had the chance) You should have killed me when you had the chance You should have killed me when you had the chance	0
Me pathetic?? your the one who started the shit...  so?	1
no body likes yuuuuuuu!  like I care	1
No honestly your really immature :)  your the one	1
nom nom  yum yum	0
Nope. I actually have a life. *COUGHCOUGH* unlike you  the lonely pathetic ugly lowlife man/woman who's life events are: staying on formspring creating fakes and starting shit. Seriously  I'm not the bitch  you are. END OF STORY. KCOOLBYE.  i have a life show your face Anonymous	1
obese  not close to obese	0
oh god not you again.  same here	1
Oh well  I met ABR too. The singer is the shit  he's a beast.  lucky pringle pop	0
ohh look the girl who fakes herself....  I only faked myself once!	1
Ok bitch.. wanna get started on me ?.. Ok one faggot is an over used term that people try to use on me to get me to feel bad.. two.your nothing but alowlife bitch who gets the kicks out of starting shit with people don't comestarting shit on my formspring  well i want to bitch	1
Okae then bitch you dont got any quick comebacks now do you you fucking FAKE!!!/  wow pathetic much?	1
online <3  :p	0
pretty gurrrl(:  haha thanks (:	0
relation to Miley Cyrus?  what	0
SLUT LEAVE BETTY ALONE CUNT FACE  she is the slut	1
Sooo you have sex alot?  df no	0
stay off of my formspring? I don't even know who you are..  why should I	1
STFU YOU HOE. you piece of shiit.  wow i feel insulted	1
stop annoying betty btw. you're  a really sad little girl/boy . You think ur all grown up now using big words . stupid child  living a fake life behind a damn keyboard and a screen. how more pathetic can you be ?  girl I'm not fake hun	1
stop leaving stuff like ;fake; on your own formsrping. dead give away dumbass. SUCK A CUNT  what are you talking about?	1
Stop making fakes of yourself. You are ugly as fuck. You're not actually 16 bitch. And you're deff not a cyrus. Get a mother fucking life  cunt.  I don't make fakes of myself person so get your fakes straight js	1
sure  but you must spamr http://www.formspring.me/ddox3r &r http://www.formspring.me/juliex2r or we wont continue spamming your (:  okay sure will	0
Thats all i can think of right now >.< Gimme ideas & I will ask more stuff :] <33333  sure will	0
u know u care that betty is way better looking than u  she is fugly	1
Ugly piece of shit  stop talking about yourself.	1
ugly.  i know you are	1
Uhm you did  right down there vvvvvvv. You're the 'dumbfuck'.  Stop starting shit with everyone  kcoolbye.  bitch your the one who is copying me	1
Ur face is nasty  yep	1
ur pretty screw every one below me :P  thanks : )	0
Well don't because it's crude.  crude?	0
what am i going to do? hahaha  what am i going to do? haha  what im going to do is get some bitchess to kick the living shit out of your ugly fake wanna be bitch made ass.  yea right don't make me laugh	1
What are your plans for the weekend? I'm going to Miami :] <3.  going to my grandma's	0
What Color Are Your Eyes?  brown	0
What Did You For Lunch? : ]  a peanut butter and jelly sandwhich	0
What did you think about before bed last night?  about sheep	0
what do you like best about formspring?  when people ask you questions	0
what does lol mean?  laugh out loud	0
What the hell.  back to you	0
What website do you spend the most time on?  Myspace	0
What's the nicest thing someone's ever done for you?  they made me shit ;0	0
What's the quickest you've fell for someone?  like 3 months	0
What's your favv waterpark to go to? :]  don't have one	0
whats the last thing you do before going to bed  brush my teeth	0
whats the wierdest color you'd ever dye your hair?  i have never dyed my hair	0
whats ur myspace page??  I don't have one anymore i deleted it	0
whats your favorite silly band shape?  a dino	0
When does school start for you? Mine starts Aug. 19th ;/  september 7th	0
When you drop your phone  Do you get scared it broke? I do >.<  yea	0
Where Were You Born? Did You Also Grow Up There?  florida and yea	0
who are you?  yo momma	1
Who pays your phone bill? :]  my mum	0
who the fuck are you even?  a person :)	1
why are you still alive?  idk D; you tell me	1
why are you stupid  WHY ARE YOU STUPID?	1
Why did you fake yourself? That's lameeee you know there is like a lot of hate groups on myspace of you?  I DON'T FAKE MYSELF SHUTUP	1
Why do girls call themselves ;5 star chicks; Butt  they still live at home with their mom? -_-  lmfao	0
why do you do this to ashlee?  I am Ashlee duh	0
why do you fake yurself?  i don't fake myself	0
why do you have so many friggin formsprings? geez  those are fakes	0
why not? and all you have to say is ;nope;. oh and leave people alone(: delete this you fucking fake :)  I AINT FAKE FYI	1
worst place to eat at?  mcdonald's	0
Would you have sex with a fat guy?!?!  No	0
Would you kiss the last person you talked to on the phone?  ew no	0
would you rather your parents watch you having sex or your preacher? (from beginning to end lmao..)  parents xD	0
wow you're a fucking fake. if you're tired of everyone talking shit on you formspring  either stop talking shit to them first  or delete the damn thing. gosh  you're fucking retarded. I forgot how stupid people are these days  and that would be you.  whatever bitch	1
Wow you're fucking stupid. You told a girl whoo had her info showing ;Show your face anonymus; and your comebacks fucking suck. ;Fighting over the Internet is like being in the special olympics  even when you win  you're still retarded.;  um looks who's talking your talking shit to me. stop being a hypocrite (:	1
wow  woah	0
xdfcvghjkl  dsfdsfdsgfdfgsd	0
y do u have a big nose seriously no girl have a big nose ?  so not as big as yours	1
Yeah  I met them at their show :) Got a free shirt too.  serious? your so lucky	0
Yeauh   I'm Really A liar. You're Cool. r i don't lie for stupid reasons.(:  okay :o	0
Yo shorty  This bitch fake!  I'm not fake : )	1
you are nasty. (:  so are you	1
you are stupid and ugly.  that's what you are	1
YOU DONT EVEN FUCKING HAVE FAKES STOP THE FUCKING BULLSHIT AND GET A LIFE JEZUSS. HOW OLD ARE YOU KID? LIFELESS BITCH YOU NEED HELP.  Yes i do	1
you drunk  nah	0
you got a myspace  yea	0
You guys have funny answers :] Do you read peoples answers to your questions like i do? :D  yea lol all the time	0
YOU NEVER CALLED ME.  my bad	0
you should come next week!  k	0
YOU SHOULD DIE  kay	1
You should ignore all those comments people send to you. Everyone knows you don't fake yourself  and they just want to be like you. You're very pretty  and I know I'm jealous of my cousin :]  :o	0
you should listen to the song ;big weenie; by eminem (: it describes you SO much!!!!! everyone feels this way towards you xD  lol are you sure your not describing yourself?	1
You suck =]  you do nigga	1
you sure as hell look like a dog.  don't fucking call me 'hun'.  got it.  i don't look like a damn dog hun lol i just did what you gonna do about it (:	1
you're fucking pathetic  so are you for commenting my formspring	1
you're mean.  okay	1
you're one of the ugliest bitches I've ever fucking seen  have you seen your face lately because if you had you wouldn't be talkin hun (:	1
You're really rude. What the heck is your problem?  i dunno what's yours?	1
you're the bitch :) fuck off.  I'm not a dog hun	1
your a fake. your a fake for calling the REAL hailey fake on her formspring. what a lame bitch :)  your lame for no leaving your stupid username	1
your a fuckin ugly bitch you look like a man in the face :)  whatever you say (:	1
your background stupid tooo  like your face	1
your come backs are fucking horrible you dumb bitch. wtf  are you like fucking five? you're like. 'i know you are but what am i?' yeahhhh. no. bitch get a fucking life.  i have one unlike you hun	1
Your comebacks suck balls  like i said do yours	1
Your comebacks suck balls  so do yours	1
Your face is nastyy  your just jealous	1
your fucking ugly.  like your mom	1
your mad ugly. true talk.  like your face	1
your not FUCKING pretty  stop hating on grace and all these pretty girls  your just jealous. omg  why would i wanna be jealous of them?	1
Your probably the one faking KAI! HUH! FUCKING BITCH!  hun i have a life unlike you	1
Your so fucking immature I'm sorry you have no friends so you have to be rude to everyone  your just jealous im sexy and your not :P stupid Anonymous show your face faggot	1
your thing says your very sexy.. lololol hah ! LIES ! ! :)  stalker much?	1
your ugly as fuuuuck ( : betty is 10000% prettier than youuu  so stopp being a bitchhh.  psh yea right	1
your ugly  your momma	1
YOURE UGLY (:  stop talking about yourself :)	1
;iloveyoubaby; ;iloveyoutoobabygirl;  that ^ haha [x  Yess it was pretty cute ;)	0
:)  :))	0
a c t u a l l y;;i DO want himm<33 [: so you can hush that! [:  Goooooood  cause I want you too ;))) <3	0
ahaa ge i wonder ? [; ha  i likee you kidd <3  Awww maybe you should tell me who you are so we can get to know each other  KID ;) <3	0
ahaa to late i already sent youu onee[;  ooo i guess you're too quick for me ;)	0
ahahaahahahaha. yourr a funny kid.  I knowwww :)	0
ahh this is cutee [;  What's cute?	0
alright cool :)  :)))	0
and why is that?  I forgot what we were talking about :p I love you twinsie<3	0
And why would you fight for her   jst asken  Because she is an amazing person  and I hope that she would agree with me when i say we're ;close friends;...	0
andrew once again stop talking to MY friends. nobody likes you. you think your hot shit and thats whats annoying. bye failed rapist :)  Hahahaha :D	1
anyone or someone particular?  Kinda...but idk if she's still feelin it...	0
are u guus foing out yet!???  Yes  we are.	0
are you and lindsey talking?  As friends...but nothing more than that  she doesn't like me like that	0
are you foing out???  nah bro  not yet...hopefully soon though :)	0
Are you saying you would fight for lindsey  because a lot of people would. Your not the first ;challenge.;  I'm not trying to be the challenge. Ithought you were  but seeing as you're not then there's no point in arguing. And yes  i would fight for Lindsey anytime  anywhere.	0
arent u guys going out?  nah buddy...so who are you?	0
ASSHOLE  ???	1
Aw see even nico does nott want too go near you. I like that you try and typeall ghetto. YOU dont fucking scare me you bitch. Ill fucking kill you if we faught. You'd probably bring your ;ghetto friends; Bahahaha. Who would that be? Bella and kendall? Pff  Actually i would love to ;go near her;  but im not the kind of asshole who puts that sort of unfair pressure on a girl :) and shut the fuck up  you're not hardcore you cunt....you probably know nothing about fighting and im sure you'd get fucked up in a real fight  so stop acting badass and go aay unless you're gonna stop being a bitch and do something about it.	1
Aww you'll have some beat my ass? Your not ;badass; enough to do it yourself? Exactly what imeant by pussssssyss<33333  Cause you're probably a fuckin girl. Tell me who youu are and ill do it myself.	1
because if its who i think it is  i asked if she wants a boyfriend and you can find out the rest from her if it is her  Who do you think it is?	0
bullllllllll. ( : ahah.  I swear! I could never lie to my fiancee! ;)	0
but it says right above that i cant :(  That's sarcasm...its why i put a winky face ;)	0
Cute :)  Thanksss :) who is this? :D	0
dickkkkkkkkkkkkkk????  Vaginaaaaaaaaa???	0
did u ever like tayler philips?  Maybe...why?	0
Do u wanna get raped? ;) hehe  Not really  why don't we just have sex? :D hahahaha	0
do you think girls look better with makeup on or none?  Idk...i personally think makeup is unnecessary because it merely hides natural beauty	0
do you want a girlfriend?  Yeah  I wanna be with someone...	0
do you want another hint?  Yess :)	0
does it look like i give a flying fuck? ;]  you should  cause you're a friendless faggot	1
DONT EVEN TRY TO DENY IT SHE CAN DO SO MUCH BETTER THEN YOU. I JUST WISH SHE COULD OPEN THOSE PRETTY LITTLE EYES OF HERS AND SEE IT! FUCKING PLAYER!!!!!!  im sure she can	0
Dont squirm motha fucka! its just a syringe. in my spare time i skin these NIGGERS and hit up the nigga nico to binge! Aha what up nigga zure!  Nice rhyme LLAMA FUCKER!!! ;)	1
dudde ima fuuck you til you bleed:)  Haha sorry I'm not into that sort of thing	1
dude you are such a fucken fagget ahahaha  Ahaha that's funny you anonymous bitch!!! :)	1
EW FUCKKK NO SHES UGLY AS FUUUCCKKK.  If she was ugly as ;fuck;  then i wouldn't be talking to her you retard...i know a pretty girl when i see one	1
ew i wuld never be jelous of ur life. coke yup thats a drug to but u still seem to handle with it a lot. no one gives a flying fuck about ur life and leave andrew the fuck alone bc u only hate him for the firey cunt  haha i don't do coke you idiot...and i dont give a fuck about that guy he's the one commenting on my formspring so shut up	1
ew VVVVVVV  I don't know which question you're pointing at asshole.	1
exactly. ur not hard get the fuck over urself  How about you get over me and get the fuck out of here.	1
FRANCES &&&& NiCO; take uur convo's to private no one wants to hearrr all loveyyy doveyy!!!! shutup!!!!  ahaha shut upp	0
frances laura senecal is ugglyyy.  No  Frances Laura Senecal is gorgeous. She's absolutely one of the most beautiful girls i've ever seen.	0
Frances seriously stop trying to make people feel bad for you  ugly bitch.  She's not ugly you stupid cunt  she's beautiful...why don't stop talkin crap and get a life you silly fuckstick. Damn  like honestly how much of a loser do you have to be to talk shit over formspring.?	1
fuck no im not jealous of the ugly ass freak.  Bitch  suck my fucken dick. Why don't you say that shit to my face you fuckin pussy?	1
ha i would lovee to but i heard that im ;harassing; youu so its a big no can do. ;P but maybe if we did get to know eachother we could spend some quality time togetherr [; hahaha  Well i thought that you were at first but I've realized that you're intentions are good and i wanna get your number ;)))	0
haaha cutee. yourr callingg mee ahh pussy when your bitchass wont leave a name right? you wanna get down  im telling you im down. one on one. letss goo ( : FAKE BITCH'<333  :)	1
haha [:  hehe :}	0
haha connnnceidddddeddd much?  Kinda...	0
haha damn the ninja thing gave it away  Haha yepp	0
haha i knew youu would [: andd umm this kids a creep  worse than you! bahahaha VV && woww yourr retarded  lol [[;  Thanks!!	1
haha i know i tried to make it really obvious for youu lol [[:  I appreciate the help ;)))	0
haha keep saying shit ill kill you  Well then you'll go to jail!	1
haha loserrr (:  Im not a loserrr xD and damn people are nasty  they should learn how to speak properly to a beautiful young lady such as yourself <3	0
haha me too  haha iloveyouutooBABYY<3;D  IloveyoumoreBABYGIRL<3 (;	0
haha nah you know me:) just guess...  Give me a hint :)	0
haha no fair :p  why do i cause so much drama? :(	0
haha ok  If you don't mind me asking  how would you kill me?	0
haha thanks to you or i would have never been named an honerary ninja :)  haha yeeee im awesome(:	0
haha thankz  no problem	0
haha you did hate her because she stopped talking to you for another guy hahahaha thats funny  Dude it's so hilarious I cant stop laughing!!!!	0
haha you guys are freakss<3 love you both tho :D  Aha love you too<3	0
haha youu are too cute<3  thanksssssss :)	0
Hahah stfu q;  hehehe about the bra thing?	1
hahaha funny id love to see that forest fire fight  Sounds like a challenge. How bout you fight me?	1
hahaha! to the hater who said im ;ugly as fuck;;;youu need to open your eyes bc iknow im farr from ugly''&& im not being conceited--just confident[; so you cann hushh that[; && babe if your gonna talk shit'say it to my face<3  I think i had it under control Love(;	1
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahha your funny im not at all  That's good for you  you can stop talking to me.	0
happy?  No...	0
hello i would just like to tell you that i think your soo perfect  and adorable  a LIAR and totally kissable''and im pretty into you<3 do i have a chance? [;  You definitely have a chance baby  and I'm really into you too :))) hopefully when i see you there will be some kissing going on<3 and I'm not perfect  YOU are<33	0
hi my name is nico and im a total studd ;D u2665  Why thank you<3 I'd like to be your stud ;D	0
How do youu plan on making my birthday amazing?:D<3  haha read my previous message :)	0
how have your past couple days been?  They've been good :)	0
i cant tell you that because it would give it away...but i didnt know you personally last year...  Do you play any sports?	0
i didnt say u did it. did i? no i didnt.  well then why did you bring it up?	0
I DO know you on a personal level. Bitch.  Well if you can't support me and my decisions then maybe we shouldn't be friends. BITCH.	1
I DO SUPPORT YOU I JUST WISH YOUD BE DATING SOMEONE ACTUALLY CUTE.. NOT JUST DATING HER FOR HER BIG ASS.  She's beyond cute  she's beautiful...and im not dating her yet  so you're wrong about me and my reasons for liking her.	1
i dont givafuck. ur friendless  previously stated in one of my other comments. except for firey  bitch  ahaha i do have friends  and i know who they are so don't try to teach me about my own life.	1
i guarantee you guys wont be going out by the end of summer..  I guarantee that you're a fuckin retard....soooo fuck you	1
i hate ur fucking guts. u & lindsey? grossest thing ive ever seen  Haha there's nothing special between us so shut your mouth...and she's better than you  depending on if you're a girl or not haha	1
I have my shit straight  she wears like the same T-shirts.. her little pink and white stripped shirt or the plaid blue and red or pink shirt or whatever  and maybe some random ones.. with jeans or shorts and vans. OWNED.  Ahaha not really dumbfuck!!!! And even if she did i wouldnt mind  cause i dont care what other people think...all i care about is her.	1
i hope not fool  i like her. she  is bomb as fuck and she got body! sry fo spellin ya name wrong lil mama  hahaha dude you're a badass	0
i hope you know i hate you. frances is one of my best friends! ass hole!  Good for you...I don't see why you hate me though?	1
i really am sorry you have to have this ishh on your page tho nico  but im not just gonna sit here while people talk shit thats just not how i was raised. so im sorryy i dont mean to be freeaking out all on here i kinda cnt help it.  It's totally fine  don't worry about it :))	0
i see you still like frances ;)  :?	0
I was juuust saying hi :)  Hahaha ohhhhh  hi :))	0
ill fight you bitch  haha fuckoff loser i don't know who you are	1
im a girl:)  Oh wow! How do i know you? :)	0
im a ninja if that helps  Shira? :)	0
Im not jealous  Im disgusted. Shes grosss.  Ummm she's really not...get your shit straight before you start frontin'.	1
im not Jewish im catholic so suck a dick  No thanks I don't like dick	1
im not the one who called you a whore either haha. i play soccer and run track and did dance for eight years and did gymnastics  Do you go to Poly?	0
im not the one who said sext me but i was the one joking about the inappropriate messages. who do you think i am? :)  You honestly want me to guess? You could be anyone in the whole world! hahaha	0
Is that a problem?  Possibly	0
its not a big deal  I dont want people to harass you though :(	0
just stuff. i can handle it imma big girl dont tripp.  Alrightt	0
LEAVE FRANCES ALONE SERIOUSLY DUDE ALL YOUR GOING TO DO IS HURT HER YOUR OVER HERE ;TALKING; TO HER AND TALKING TO SABREENA AT THE SAME TIME!  aha sorry im not talking to sabreena  we're just good friends  dumbass.	1
lets see it then ? ( : && i was born in th ghetto si wtfuhh you know bout tht cuhh? ahaha not a damn thing! get on my level trickk. show a name & catchh ahh fade lil homiee. & no you know what dont stay away from me  come find me bxtch ;D<33  .	1
Lindseys one of the coolest chicks at poly so stop hating.  Shes more mature than you'll ever be. I've seen her fight  i dare you to fight her.  I couldn't have said it any better myself :)	1
lmao! V ( :  You silly girl :D	0
lmfaoooooo. JEALOUS bitches make me sick!(; so nicoo  ahaah what th fxck is up! :D  bahaha idk :) whats goin on?	0
lol [: your a funny kidd you know that? [;  Well i do now :p	0
nah im just joking  haha	0
Nah you wish  so  ...no.	0
Nico Martinez  why are youu so hott!? Hahaha  Haha Im not sure  its just natural ;)	0
Nicoooo! :) okay...welllllll bye :)  Hahaha what? :))	0
no i dont why on earth would i wish for something like that?! i actually wish you would stop being a fucking player!  How am i a player at all? Maybe if you knew me then you would know that im the one who gets played..	0
no it's too fun  Then you must have a very dull life...loser	1
no thats what formspring is for  Ohhhhh I get it now.	0
No you wont.  Haha listen asshole  you can't sit there and try to tell me about MY feelings unless you know me on a personal level and we're good friends.	1
no. I hate taylor she used to b firey until she dyed her hair  okay i dont really give a shit so find something better to do than criticize me.	1
No. Im not. But thanks for throwing that out there ;)  Uhh you sound like a retard when you say shit like that  cause you dont know what's gonna happen...we could be going out for one day or one year  but it doesn't matter cause ill always feel the same about her.	1
nope unfortunately  Ahh	0
not telling. you will have to just find out on your own. it probably won't be too hard though.  Haha oh yeah...fml....but youz a bitchass nigga	1
o i wonder........  Wow you really are persistent	0
oh frances hunny dont try and talk all ghetto your white ass doesnt fucking scare me  i will break you in fucking half.  Dude back the fuck off....i probably don't even know you so get the FUCK off of my fucken page and stay the FUCK away from Frances.	1
oh goodness /:  What? :(	0
oh well 2 baddddd  You're very annoying	0
ohh reallu? well how does it feel to want [; ?!  not good  i don't like being teased ;)	0
ohhh && hes deffinately DROWNING!! (;  Sikeeeee! that nigga's a lil headbanger :)	0
People Are Mean  They Talk Way To Much Shit On You. Poor Thing. Hahah.  I knowwwww foolllll  they're jealous cause i pull bitches and no one wants their tiny dicks xD bahahaha	0
PLAYER !  You wish!	0
r u & Frances still talken?  Yeah. why?	0
r u gay  Nah bro  I'm straight as can be	1
say it to my face trick ass nigga i will fxckin murder you i aint tryna make no body feel bad so you can hush that you got something to say then please  step up && show a namee fuckinn bitch. whuss up?!  .	1
school...kinda  Tell me about yourself :)	0
sext me<3 ;)  give me your number<3 ;)	0
shira or frances?  No.	0
so are you talking to shira or frances? its hard to keep up  playa playaa lol.  Frances :)	0
so whats up  nm...just chillin	0
so whats up?  nothin much:)	0
So who is it that you like?  Uh I'm not totally sure right now  I'm sort of torn between two people.	0
so you said you were on your way like an hour ago  you only live like 15 min away..where youu be? ;D  its more like 5 mins :) and i was delayed by a train ;)	0
so you wont? lol you forgot the ending. it goes like this ;i would if i could  but i cant  so i wont; <3  I know but i knew you would'nt be able to resist the urge to finish it :))	0
so you'll text me when you can again right? <3  yeah :)	0
sorry that was funny. ;playa playa; ahah. :p  i know  right? ;))	0
thanks though :) i appreciate it  :)	0
that was gonna be the first hint but i guess i knew it was too obvious  haha well you are the only ninja i know ;)	0
thats a lie.  no.	0
thats what i thought haha  What?	0
the chicken flies at midnight....don't tell anyone  haha ok it'll be our secret	0
they are pointing to the one about me. You dont know a damn thing about me so stfu! seriously if you new me you wouldnt treat me the way you do im a human being and i have feeling so respect that  fucking ass hole. im sorry nico.  Frances don't be so angry  this person is obviously jealous of you in some way and they talk shit on you cause they think you'll stoop to their level so they can be even with  you....don't worry about them  just ignore it<3	0
too late  i hate you  I could give two shits and a fuck about your hatred for me :)	1
u have a dull life. it consists of drugs weed and firey bitch ur life must suc  haha weed is a drug dumbfuck...and you must be jealous of my life since you know so much about it	0
ur gonna have a lot of shit on here cuz a lot of ppl hate u  I've actually anticipated that  and I'm already aware that a lot of people hate me...	1
VV excuse me anonymous  but that is not how you spell my name :p and your welcome<3 hahaha [:  hehe i know  people are stupid...and i knew it was you ;)))	0
well i had to put my two cents in [: haha  I gotcha :D	0
well put...  Thank you :)	0
well thats just too bad now isn't it? [;  yess its very unfortunate :)	0
what are youu talking about GAYY'BOYYu2665  idid textt you back  YOU didnt text me back!?  maybe you should text me NOW!!!! :)	0
what do you mean? what drama did you cause?  People keep talking about me on your page :/	0
what if i want to ask you something inappropriate? ;)  Then do it(;	0
what's up?  What? Who is this?	0
WHATEVER. Im gunna leave before you guys cry & get yourselves hurt  i mean your begging me to leave  bye pussys!!!!!!!!!!!!!  You're the one being anonymous! Give me your name and ill have someone beat your ass.	1
whats up with you and francis????  What do you mean?	0
who are these two people?  Umm its not really your business  maybe if i knew who you were i could tell you...	0
who is your bestfriend???  You are :)	0
WHORE!  You know it :)	1
wtf ? V  I don't know.	0
y3ah im sur3 sh3 d0nt want y0u..  Oh thats bad news :/ and nice gay typing dude	1
yeah go ahead and play victim  i do know you nico. thats how i know your a player.  Fuck you bitch  if you did know me then you would know that Lindsey and Haley both played me so shut your mouth	1
yeah i know /: ha  thanks hun<33 [:  You're most certainly welcome :) would it be alright if i were to send you a text message? ;D	0
yeah its really hard to when i get this shit like every ither day like it seriously pisses me off now  if it was like yesturday i wouldnt give 2 fucks but with everything im going thru right now its like wtf.  What happened?	0
yeahh. im over this convo  on to th nextt onee! ahahaha. hello.  Hi my name is Nico. Its a pleasure to meet you :)	0
YO DAWG I HERD U LIKE CANS  SO WE PUT A CAN IN YO CAN SO YOU CAN HAVE A CAN WHILE ON THE CAN  Dude thank you sooo much  that's what I've always wanted!!! Haha	0
You and frances gross me out  nastiest couple ive ever freakin seen. Your way out of her league like no joke.  I appreciate you trying to help  but its not working...so why don't you go away and stop being jealous  yeah?	1
you are very welcome  Who are you? :-)	0
you should ask her if shes still ;feelin it; so you know for sure  And why are you trying to give me advice.?	0
you tell me :p  I would if i could  but i cant :(	0
youd fight for lindsey? im a gurl. id love to see it  Hahaha well then i can't fight you canI? and if you don't mind me asking  why do you dislike her?	0
your a fagggggg  You're a bitchhhhh	1
your MIGHTY attractive  <33 ;D  Aww thanks <3 I wonder who this could be? ;)))	0
your my bitch and ill kill you nigga  How bout you suck my dick?	1
your so gay haha  Well you're fat.	1
your still gay and a bitch haha  Well you're a rapist so fuckoff	1
Your the one talkin shit back.. fuckstick? i mean seriously how 5th grade can you get?  I didn't know 5th graders were so badass....why don't you get out of here before i fuck you in the ass so hard  your kids won't be able to sit down for the first 8 years of their lives!!!	1
yup yup. same grade as you too.  did we have any classes together this year?	0
yuppp  Thanks for the memo  if you would reveal your identity we could continue this conversation in depth :)	0
helloooo ;)<br>  Hello to you to :)	0
&& if anyone gets tired of my questions or just generally annoyed with being spammed please let me know. I am not here to bother anyone! Thank you!  kkkkk i think ive got this message like 18 times already haha	0
;musta;(mooosta)- a Filipino word w/c means how are you.. so  musta? :]  bien. which is good in spanish. hahaha musta?	0
(:r cools iLike that pikk lols  Thanks. It was in Panama with 7 other chicks. Funn times.	0
(If it were to save a life) Would you ever give mouth to mouth to a person with Herpes?  Ohhh uhhh?? No to be honest.	0
(this one is bothering me a bit.) Why does it seem like most everyone wants to knwo if the world will end in 2012? Are we going to fear it till it's over like Y2K?  yup probably	0
*POOF* Your in prison... Why are you there?  i killed a man.	0
.  .	0
:) Are you currently happy in your life right now?  Im a very happy person but I could definantly be happier with some different aspects i my life.	0
3 physical features you get complimented on a lot? Name your least favorite feature?  Smile. Ethnicity. Eyes. in that order the most. and my least favorite feature would be my height  but only because forever I wanted to be a model and in America you have to be likeee 7' anorexic giraffe. hahhaa	0
3 physical features you get complimented on a lot?  smile. eyes. complection	0
3 things that your mom doesn't know about you  hmmm..she knows a lot. she doesnt know....uhhh that ive smoked pot before. that i want to change the world more than what i just say out loud. how much i hate money.	0
5 favorite things to eat  Anything thai and spicy.r mexican.r Veggies :]r Grapes  strawberries  Fruit. har And Rice. r I love food btw.	0
A car is broken down on the side of the road; do you stop to help?  yes. i have before :) i gave a dude a jump on my way to school hahaha	0
A world without bees; good or bad?  BAD! the world without bees would mean we would die out in about 5 yrs..thats really bad! :(r SAVE THE BEES!	0
ability to fly or breath under water?  fly most definantly.	0
About how many pairs of jeans do you own?  Like 6 or so but I like a couple enough to wear all the time. ;]	0
Actually  IhDontMind..GoAhead  hahaha	0
Adolf Hitler was a one testicled vegetarian. What did you do with his other testicle?  threw it at his nazi regime.	0
After how many kids would you get your tubes tied/// guys:  A vasectomy? (random)  I wouldnt.	0
after the viewing of said video footage who sees it next?  i guess the other people in it?	0
After you have a dream  do you mostly wake up remembering it or not?  remembering. but i have some crazzyyy dreams haha	0
Alvin  Simon  or Theodore?  Theodore. He always gets yelled at :)	0
Always wear your seat belt?  yepp	0
and it was an interesting question that i asked to get that hobo statement lol  What was the question?	0
and last q for the moment..........is duck tape made out of ducks?  ehh idk?	0
and then prue & Phoebe from charmed came over but then the robots came back & i had to run but some boy saved me lol #Random  random yes. lol	0
Any Living Grandparents ??  not grandparents..	0
Any new and exciting news youu2019d like to share?  i need a job hahaha	0
Any plans to become a doctor someday?  Nope. I don't want to be a doctor. Only a nurse. traveling nurse actually :]	0
Anything your parents should know about?:  show your face	0
are children who act in R rated movies allowed to see them  idk but thats a good question. i always wonder the same thing. and why the parents allow them to be in it in the first place?	0
Are dollar stores cool?:  yes they are.	0
Are minors allowed to drink in your state?  not legally.	0
Are most of your dreams realistic (that it feels like it can actually happen in real life) or non realistic (you flying)?  buncha dream questions...hahaha r r its a mix of both real and nonrealistic..mostly weird once again.	0
Are my questions boring?  not really. im just trying to get through them	0
Are the best things in life free?  yes :)	0
Are there any bruises on your body?  Not currently	0
Are there any people on youtube that you subscribe too and always watch their vids?  Nahh	0
Are u a virgin?  Are you anonymous?	0
Are you a cat or dog person?  dog definantly	0
are you a filipina??or a foreigner??  nope. half korean	0
Are you a friendly person?  yes sure am :)	0
Are you a generous person?  very generous.	0
Are you a good painter?  I believe so :)	0
Are you a happy person?  most of the time	0
Are you a leader or a follower?  LEADER <3	0
are you a party girl?  Not in a hey lets get drunk and puke our guts out  not remember anything tomorrow and have a headache kind of girl. r Just a laugh at everything for no reason  do the random robot in public  social in every aspect kind of party girl :]	0
Are you a private person or do you openly share your life with people around you?  PRIVATE.	0
are you a registered voter?  Of course. We the people are the government :]r all people should vote.	0
Are you a risk taker? If yes  what kind of risks had you taken? If not  why not?  yes more than no. and because i roll with the punches. but like to think ahead at the same time haha	0
Are you a sore loser?  Not at all	0
Are you a tease? I am haha :)  yes again	0
Are you a touchy feely person?  Not at all. I like my space  that's for sure. And I hate clingy touchy blahhh ha	0
Are you addicted to popping pimples?  no lol i dont really get any	0
Are you afraid of clowns?  nope	0
Are you afraid of heights?  Definantly not. Im a thrill seeker.	0
Are you afraid of snakes?  Nahhhh they're kinda neat to watch.	0
Are you always trying to learn new things?  yes.	0
Are you an ass? I am & idgaf :D r  No I'm not. And personally  I don't think it's a quality that you should be so proud of...? Be nice. :)	0
Are you awaiting piercings/tattoos?  Not currently.	0
Are you barefooted right now?  Yes :)	0
are you better today than you are yesterday?  No worse. I woke up with a stuffy nose :[	0
Are you carrying any grudges?  not at the time	0
are you currently taken?  Shore am :] Timothy Carson.	0
Are you currently wanting any piercings or tattoos?  Nahh	0
Are you double jointed?  nopee	0
Are you due sometime this year for a doctor's visit?  yes actually. my yearly female doc's visit. this tuesday.. haha	0
Are you easily offended?  nahh	0
Are you easily persuaded in an argument?  Not at all	0
Are you eating anything right now?  Nope. drinkin water.	0
Are you frightened of spiders?  not too much. used to be when i was little	0
Are you gonna watch the world cup?  You know it :]	0
Are you good at giving directions?  Yes i think so ;)	0
Are you happy with your life right now?  not currently	0
Are you happy?  Happiness is too complicated to say yes or no. I like to think so.	0
are you in college? what course are you taking?  Not currently. And im in nursing school. on a waiting list to be exact :0	0
Are you involved romantically with anyone right now?:  yes	0
Are you listening to any music right now?  If so  what is it?  Yes. Paramore :]	0
are you loud or quite?  I can be both at times. I usually talk to no end. But theres always a time and a place to be social or to jjust be quite.	0
Are you more of a proton or a neutron?  Proton definantly. Positive polly yes i am :]	0
Are you nice to people you dislike?  Yes. Karma :]	0
Are you obsessed with shiny things?:  I like them. How'd you know?	0
Are you one of those people that doesnu2019t like chocolate?  Yes as a matter of fact. why does that make me a ;one of those people;??	0
Are you passionate about your beliefs?  Y E S	0
Are you picky about spelling and grammar?  when it matters	0
Are you picky about spelling and grammar?  Yes. When its nescessary	0
Are you quick to take medicine or more likely to wait it out?  more likely to wait it out.	0
Are you random or predictable? Why do you think you are this way? Would you rather be the other way?  random. because live would be boring if i weren't :) and no i wouldnt because i like how i am . every part of me :)	0
Are you scared to lose the person you fell the hardest for? Are you still with this person or have you already lost them?  Yes. im with them now	0
Are you shy around the opposite sex?  not at all	0
are you sick of hearing about michael jackson yet?  Haha I don't really hear much about him anymore. But I respect him as an artist. A person  he may have been a little off his rocker but as an artist. Mass respect :]	0
Are you silly or serious?  silly usually. not serious but lately i have been	0
Are you so in love with yourself?  nahhh not really	0
Are you someone's best friend?  Yes. I like to think so.	0
Are you still shy to talk about sex??  Nope. What'd ya mean Still shy?	0
Are you stubborn?  very much so when it comes to things i believe in or think i should stand up for..	0
are you studying or working?  Studying to be a nurse. Working to save the world with kindness <3	0
Are you telling the truth if you lie in bed?  your good. haha	0
are you the ideal person that you want to be? if not  what would you do to about it?  Yes I believe so. I try to be kind to everyone and make the world a little bit better somehow :]	0
Are you the kind of friend that you would want to have as a friend?  Definantly. I just haven't found anyone like me.	0
are you the person you want to be?  Most of the time :]	0
are you the person you want to be?  Most of the time. Sometimes I wish I could be more for others but At the time  My hands are tied with money and trying to get ahead.	0
Are you vain?  No. I tend to feel a self-importance but it's certianly not fake. I don't believe so :]	0
Are you vegetarian?  Nope. I don't eat much meat actually but I don't think I need to label myself to eat what I want when I want it. lol. I lovee me some veggies <3	0
Are you willing to travel for your dream job?  yes.	0
are you working?  Not currently. :/	0
Are your days full and fastu2013paced?  they used to be and i like them to be that way but any more with timothy in my life they arent	0
Are your dreams mostly sweet or bad?  weird. not sweet but not really bad. just weird...like putting potatoes in the refriderator or thinkin the world is ending and im dancing in weird clothes or jumping around yelling in public. hahaha so weird. i know.	0
are your parents on facebook?  Nope.	0
Are your underwear and socks folded in your drawer or just thrown in?  folded	0
Are your underwear and socks folded in your drawer or just thrown in?  FOldeD.	0
Are yu shy when yu first meet people or are yu the one who always sparks up the conversation ?  It really depends on my mood and the type of people im around. Im very good at starting conversations but if Im around someone else thats doing a lot of talking  I may just be a bit backwards cause I don't like to steal the light :)	0
as a kid did you have a collection of anything? (Shayla's pawpaw buys her a kids Harley shirt from every store he stops at.)  I collected beanie babies when i was younger :) loved them had cases for them and everything!!	0
as soon as you turned on your computer  what website do you go to first?  well today it was formspring but usually facebook	0
aww coolr yew seem cool  Thnks :]	0
Be honest: Do you have a song by Ozzy Osbourne in your library?  Nope.	0
BEAUTIFUL background! Shay agrees! :D r What's your worst habit?  Haha thanks lady. r Worst habit: giving everyone the benefit of the doubt.	0
Beetles taste like apples. Do you still like apples?  Lovee them! I wanna taste a beetle then.	0
Being an atheist means we dont need to believe. We choose to believe either because their is no proof or because god has done nothing for us. We may not believe in god but we do believe there is good reason to not believe he exists.  No. Being Atheist is someone who denies the existence of God. Period. And you asked my opinion so please don't argue my opinion about something I don't personally care about anyways. If you want to be athiest  then be it. If you don't  then don't. I don't care. r Its your life.	0
besides english what other languages can you speak?  spanish	0
besides the country where you currently live  which country you want to spend the rest of your life?  america is where i want to spend the rest of my life. but i wouldnt mind living in the phillipines for a while  backpack in the european countries for a year or so and then travel around to the southern america countries like peru and aruba to see mayan ruins and jungleness :D I have plenty of place i want to see. Egypt. Bangkok. Paris.	0
Between a man and a woman  who cheats more? why?  Idk I think it swings both ways pretty strongly. The human race is never satisfied and I believe that both sexes have the tendencey to cheat. At all ages and for all reasons.	0
boxers or briefs... or boxer briefs lol  I wear undies dude. hahaha	0
Bright room or dark room?  Dark. I am a vampire. I am a vampire.	0
Bugs Bunny or Mickey Mouse?  Whats up doc?	0
Camping with a ton of friends or hotel with a few friends?  Camping!! :]	0
Can bald men get lice?  nope	0
Can crop circles be square?  yes. if square aliens came to see us. hahaha or if the tractors would get more creative..one of the two! :)	0
can i get a encore? do you want more?  encore! encore! suree hahaha	0
can i smell ur feet  Nopee mr anonymouser.	0
Can someone honestly be thinking about nothing? (I don't think it's possible BUT that could just be me.)  Sometimes if your daydreaming but then your daydreaming so its not nothing..haha	0
can u name an animal that is orange?  yes  i just cant spell it. lol r orangatang? hahahahha	0
Can we be in two places at once?  Yes. Standing over the border line. Ive been in Ohio and indiana at the same time :)	0
can you cook?  Can you see the moon at night? Sometimes :) hahha	0
Can you cross your eyes?  yes but i dont like to. i have this crazy fear of thinking if i just do it one more time my eyes will be stuck like that and i should lf just been satisfied with knowing i did it the last time. hahaha im a weirdo. but ya never know' ya know?!!	0
Can you do a cartwheel?  Yes i just did one the other day. haha	0
Can you do push ups?  yup sure can :)	0
Can you draw pictures well?  I love to draw. I took 3 years of Studio Art in HS and you had to turn in a portfolio to get in the class.. ;)	0
Can you drive a manual shift vehicle?  no. i suck.	0
Can you drive a motorcycle?  in my head :]	0
Can you go underwater without holding your nose?  yes! haha neat trait of mine.. i can plug my nose with my lips :]	0
Can you name one person who has the same first and last initials as you?  Thomas Gibson. He's an actor.	0
can you pls ask me some questions? :)  Shore I'd be happy too!!!! :)	0
Can you ride a horse?  I have before. but its been a while. I can do anything :)	0
Can you roll your tongue?  Yes. and do the fourleaf clover thing :)	0
can you see my halo?  nahh	0
Can you skip rocks?  I am the master at skippping rocks!	0
Can you sleep in jeans?  I can sleep in anything when im really tired lol	0
Can you sometimes finish someone else's sentence?  yes. my sister. all the time	0
Can you tell if someone is lying to you?  Usually I can.	0
Can you tie your shoes more than one way?  yeah if i tried.	0
Cheesecake or brownies?  You can only pick one to have for the rest of your life.  cheesecake. hmmmm yes cheesecake. raspberry swirl cheesecake ;)	0
Cheetos or Fritos?  Cheetos!!! Soo cheeseyyy :)	0
Chocolate or vanilla?  vanilla.	0
choose: be cross-eyed person or be a cripple?  cross eyed haha	0
Christina Aguilera or Lady Gaga?  Christina always.	0
Cleveland  not bad haha	0
close your eyes and count until 10 NOW.       what went through your mind? be honest  Well that wasn't fair because I was eating while reading this question  so when I closed my eyes... I just thought about how awesome this sandwiche is tasting hahahaha yum. :)	0
comedy or horror movies?  comedy	0
Concert you went to that you will never forget?  carrie underwood concert. it was awesome :]	0
cooool riddleee! :Dr did you gooogleeee it to find it or.....? :)  yes. haha	0
Could you  would you eat a caterpillar?  yes if i was starving. theyre filled with lots of juicy vitamins.	0
Could you ever shoot someone if they were trying to kill you?  possibly	0
Could you go out in public looking like you do now?  Most definantly. Im in gym shorts and a tank. no makeup and ready to run :] hahaha but unfortunately formspring is keeping me inside! hahahaha	0
Could you visit and comment?/u00bfPodru00edais visitar mi blog?  u00bfquu00e9 os parece? http://contandolospetalos.blogspot.com/  .	0
Current worry?  how to survive in this crazy khaos of a world i live in.	0
Current worry?  money. like always	0
Cute default.  Thank you lady :]	0
define what a bitch is haha  well its real meaning is a female dog. :) ahhahar but I would define it as:r An inconsiderate person that doesn't care what people think nor if or how they hurt another persons feelings. Someone who is usually insecure of themselves and have to put other people down to make themselves feel better about ones self. hahaha	0
Describe the perfect guy.  I have him. My Timmy :]r He's super in everyway possible. Sweet and sensitive enough to understand but hard and can stand his ground when it comes down to it. A little over protective but only enough to show that he truly cares. He brings flowers home for me being his girlfriend day! :] If I want anything he'd get it but knows I have everything I want. Compassionate and caring and loves everything that I do. He enjoys all the same foods as I do and is open to exploring new boundaries he's never expierenced. Ohh and He let's me be crazy about things that Im so passionate about  that most guys would laugh at and make fun of. Recycling  planting flowers and smiling at people just because I want to make their day! :] He's perfect for me. He understands me in every aspect a man could. Hes sweet enough to damper my attitude and sarcasm at times but bullheaded enough to not always give in to me. Lets me whine if I want attention and holds me more than I could ever want to be held. I love him. And for me  hes my perfet guy! <3r Ohh and he's a super sexxy stud :] of course.	0
Describe your first REAL date?  HMM..REAL? I guess it was in 8th grade. my first date  movie date with another guy and two other couples. haha if that's what you call 8th graders dating. Anyway we all went to see a movie..i dont remember what the movie was but it was all awkwardness and trying to be older than we were. I remember keeping my hand still for the entire movie while he held it  and my hand was numb tingling and was trying to go to sleep the entire time. It was rediculous thinking about it now..hahahha	0
describe your perfect day  Sunshine. Lots of food and hanging with my boyfriend and family :]r Awesomeness.	0
describe yourself in 3 words.  (right now) hungry  sick  tired.r [always] happy  selfless  trusting.	0
Describe yourself in a single sentence  I'm a blunt and funny dancing alien that doesn't care what anyone thinks and loves to have fun. ;]	0
did he ever smell ur feet  he has actually. and i thought if we were ggoing to keep conversating you would reveal your anonymousness. you know you asked buncha ppl bout their feet..lol	0
did timmy have fun?  He says he did :] haha	0
Did watch heroes? Who was your favorite character? What was your favorite power?  robin in batman. i thought robin was the best and thought he should be the star!! hahah and my favorite power was..? hmm..well i guess spidermans powers. he is sick. haha	0
did you ;celebrate; 4/20.?r lol  Nopee. Its been a while actually lol	0
Did you believe in the tooth fairy?  yeshh :)	0
Did you do any school shopping yet?  No school for me	0
Did you ever get in trouble for talking in class?  sometimes	0
Did you ever go to a summer camp?  church camp once. it was fun but we got kicked out.	0
Did you ever have a crush you never acted on?  yes.	0
Did you ever have a embarrassing moment at school?  not really	0
Did you ever play duck duck goose as a child?  yes of course!	0
did you get all my questions? cause I've been flooding you for the past few days..  Yes. and Yes. hahah Ive been answering questions forever and still have like 450 questions. I feel like im never going to get through them all. Im trying though!! Sorry I hadn't gotten on here for a couple weeks. Big mistake. I have like two other spammers that killed my inbox so im still trying to catch up. :]	0
Did you have a good day ??  yes i did :)	0
did you have fun this weekend??? :)  MOst dEfinAntly. <3	0
did you help someone today?  Not today. I havent even been out of the house.haha	0
did you know gaga was on an episode of mtvs boiling point?  no i didn't actually	0
Did you know gullible was written on the ceiling?  haha. does that really work on people? i am gullible at times but really?	0
Did you make fun of people in school?  Not at all	0
did you remember to get those rings and earrings off my dresser?? :)  Yes ma'am :] thank you lady.	0
Did you still want the same job you did when you were a kid?  yes.	0
Did you talk to someone until you fell asleep last night?  Nope.	0
did you wink at all today? to who?  nope. but i wink at timmy sometimes :]	0
Did/do you listen to your parents?  I had to listen to my parents. Not listening wasn't an option but once I got older and moved out now i take their advice with a grain of salt and do what i want :)	0
Do any of your close friends have children?  My best friend is married to a guy that has a little 2 year old girl	0
Do any of your friends have children?  yes	0
Do any of your friends have children?  yes they do	0
do cats have psychic powers to control babys minds and tell them to take over the bahamas and control the worlds supply of milk?  Hmmm perhaps?	0
Do certain peoples lives have certain worth to you? Such as a prostiture  a killers...ect.  well rapists i think deserve what they do..its a touchy subject	0
do humming birds hum because they dont know the words  yes. they love to buzz.	0
Do more people know u by a nickname or by your first name?  first.	0
do people in australia call the rest of the world up over?  idk?	0
Do peoples words bother you?  sometimes when theyre trying to be gangsta or ignorant	0
Do strangers try to talk to you too? (One old drunk dude just struck up a convo with Xen at the store.)  yes. and its a little creepy	0
Do the Alphabet song and Twinkle  Twinkle Little Star have the same tune?  Yes i believe so	0
do the makers of Friendster uses Facebook? =)  i have no idea? hahaha	0
Do u have a gag reflex?  Do you have a name?	1
do wear Vans ? the shoes .  No but not because I don't like them  I just think their overated. I have a pair of shoestringless nike that I rock :) their sweet cause they loook like gym shoes but their slip on and offs! lovee em.	0
do you  play an instrument ?  i can play a little guitar and learning the violin	0
do you also like diary of a wimpy kid??  haha my brother does! I think its funny	0
do you always trust your instinct?  usually	0
do you always wear your watch?  I never wear a watch. i dont like time.	0
Do you and Timmy have a KI pass? :D  Not yet ;] Sure hope so here soon!! :D	0
Do you answer phone calls when you don't know the number?  NOpE	0
Do you ask questions that sometimes you really don't want the answer too?  no.	0
Do you believe honesty is the best policy?  yes for most	0
Do you believe in aliens?  Yes I do.	0
Do you believe in angels and demons  yes i think so	0
Do you believe in fate?  No. Only because if it were up to fate then noone truly has any choices in life. And well i don't like to be told what to do. I like making my own mind up! :]	0
Do you believe in Karma and Destiny?  Karma YES. Destiny NO.	0
Do you believe in love?  I like to think so. :/	0
Do you believe in the quote ; I'll sleep when im dead''?  I guess. so	0
Do you believe sometimes in life you have to be selfish?  no.	0
Do you believe that everything happens for a reason?  Perhaps not a reason  but a purpose yes. :]	0
Do you believe that God has a gender?  no	0
Do you believe that the guy should pay on the first date?  Yes.	0
Do you bite your lip a lot?  nope not really  do you?	0
Do you bite your lip a lot?  Not really	0
do you buy things online?  not too often.	0
Do you chew on your pens or pencils?  No.. hate that.	0
Do you close your eyes when you sneeze?  i dont think so	0
Do you conform or make your own path?  make my own path. always. i like the untaken path.	0
Do you consider yourself an animal lover?  Not really but I do like animals. Just not to make love to them. ha	0
Do you consider yourself creative?  yes =D	0
Do you crack your knuckles?  used to don't anymore..	0
Do you cry often or keep it inside?  keep it inside. almost always	0
Do you cry often or keep it inside?  keep it inside. always	0
do you cuss?  Sometimes I do. Its usually when I stub my toe or are talking really passionately about something when Im mad or irrated. I think its really more a way to make yourself look unintelligent. Most people that do often or like in every sentence just don't have anything better to say..haha just my opinion.	0
Do you dance in the shower?  nope	0
Do you dance in the shower?  Not in the shower but i do in the stand up tanning beds hahahha	0
Do you daydream sometimes? What do you often daydream about?  Yes and its never things I can remember. I just daze off lol	0
Do you de-label your beer bottles?  nahh	0
Do you do what needs to be done regardless of the consequences  yes.	0
Do you do your own dishes?  have to	0
Do you dream in color?  sometimes.	0
Do you eat a lot?:  Lots :) show your face.	0
Do you eat all the servings in the food groups on a daily basis?  most of the time	0
Do you eat any weird mixture of foods?  yes.	0
Do you eat breakfast daily?  i try to	0
Do you eat cheeseburgers?  not really	0
Do you eat jello when you are sick?  Yes I have actually.	0
Do you enjoy giving hugs?  no but i should more often im sure	0
Do you enjoy going shopping? If so what type of things do you enjoy buying?  yes but i dont much anymore..... things for others is most fun!	0
Do you ever count your steps when you walk?  Any time i think about doin that i forget im counting and then by the time i get to the end im like dang it!! haha	0
Do you ever go bird watching?  I do bird watch actually	0
Do you ever take medication to help you fall asleep faster?  nope	0
Do you ever think humans will be satisfied?  N E V E R.	0
do you ever think of an amazing song from the 80s or 90s or something and wonder if it would still be big if it was released now for the first time?  Yes. And im sure there are tons that soo could.	0
Do you ever think of becoming a model?  yes	0
Do you ever think of crazy things in you're head that probably wont happen?  Yes. all the time :)	0
Do you ever think you smile too little?  not at all!!! I smile too much	0
Do you ever try to impose your beliefs on others?  Not really only for conversation.	0
Do you ever watch soap operas?  used to with my ma. general hospital is the shiz :]	0
Do you excercise regularly? If so  how often?  no i should but i do yoga a bit so twice a week?	0
Do you fall asleep during the day and cannot sleep at night?  sometimes. i did that a lot when i was sick this past wk	0
Do you fall for Internet advertisements?:  show your face	0
Do you fear or respect the law more..why do you say that?  Fear. Only because of the corruptness of it all.	0
If you could punch one celebrity without any repercussions who would it be?  taylor swift	1
ILL UNFOLLOW YOU JUST LET MY DUMB ASS KNOW!!!! I DONT NEED YOUR BULLSHIT!!! :))) THANKS &&  ENJOY THE REST OF YOUR DAY! PEACE!  hahhah	1
kaydoll is bettaa than rhubinathy cuss she will suck my dick and the othe fat hoe wont and i luv it my sluts  okay?	1
PLEASE can I poop in your mouth  No. and anonymousness is just your way of not being able to show yourself. At least have the dignigty to leave your name if your going to talk. Bahahha!	1
Please stop harassing me on my formspring :(  I don't harass people on formspring. Will you stop harassing me :( you keep leaving anonymousness on my page. r Keep your negative thoughts off my FS please and thank you very much. :]	1
SMILE4MEXXX IS TRAILER TRASH. A RACIST FAT COW. A BIMBO FUCKING SLUT. AND WORTHLESS AS HELL. ALL SHE'S GOOD FOR IS SOMEONE USING HE BODY FOR SEX AND DUMPING HER ON THE STREET WHEN THEY'RE DONE USING HER ;)  thats not veryy nice :/	1
Stop asking yourself questions  Im not..:( stop being mean for no reason.	1
ur really odd  you think so :] whys that?	1
what accent bothers you?  i guess all accents are neat and nice in the beginning but to live with it for ever....idk. I cant stand the hick-red neck blahhhh i gotta talk like im stupid and have no knowledge as to what im saying yaaaahhh'lll. UGh. Hate it. haha	1
Who are the 3 most overrated musicians?  Hmm..overrated?r r Taylor Swiftr Jonas Brothersr Miranda Lambert	1
whose betaa www.formspring.me/KayDollBitchh or www.formspring.me/rubinathy15  why dont you find out and get off my page? Mmkayy thanks. :)	1
whyy dose rubinathy15 ask stoopid questions? erase the dum betch  why are you talking to me in anonymousness? be a man. show your face. Hahah	1
Would u rather be a flaming gay handicapped nigger with cherubism or a white trash skitzopherenic amputee with turettes?  i guess if i HAD to choose..the second one. at least with turettes i could make ppl laugh! :]	1
Lmao You So Dumb! One Tv SHOW and You Said a Whole TV CHANNEL... Lol. Anywho  How Are YOU Mr. Ching? :-)<br>  LMAO AH SHEESH CAUGHT ME  SEE THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THAT KUSH KICKS IN  MAKES YOU FORGET SHYT LOL  N IM GOOD MAMA WBU??	1
809 9501 <----Alexis's Phone Number   Ima post It On Myspace!  You little bitch ! haha &you bettter nott ; ill kill you <3	1
ayee that tootsyy girl iss fuckkin F A K E  Yeah I know she was writing her own questionss funny shit	1
Bitchezz beloww me I would say ur name but yeww put it on anonymus pussy ass bitchez talkin shit on Alexis she ckan show Herr  fuken boobs if she wants don't be jealous cuz yeww prolly don't gawt any it's ok tho and bitch wen she sayz write to her she  Lmao   haters<3	1
Bitchh really yur saying shez fat now bitch yur probly the fat lonely ass flat chested bitch who ckant get none so stop hating AND PLEASE BITCH TAKE YUR SHIT OFF ANONYMUS DUMM ASS BITCH !!!!!!  Lol the day the bitch takes it off anonymous is the day she grew some balls!	1
BJ or HJ?  OMG . :o lolz	1
dayumm stupid fuckin cunts stop talking your shit get a fuckin life go suck your moms dick and chock on it dayumm lil pussys take it of anonamis or watever -stephanie iloveyou alexis :)  Haha I knoow huh but they don't matter(: I love youu too Stephanie<3	1
Did u now tht ur ugli  I lovee ahh haterr<3 but did you know that your uglier than my dogs shit? Nahh juss kiddin I'm not a bitchh like youu(:	1
Do u wnt 2 suk my dick?  Umm i don't wanna catch anything :/ sorry(:	1
DO yOU WATCH PoRN?  Haha funny question(: i would answer you butt it doesn't mattr <$	1
Dumb bitch! Fuchkkk you and your stupid friends! Your all pussies! None of you can handle on your own! You always need your friends to get in everything!  Your honestly waisting m time but whtevrr.. I don't care wht you think juss come and say it to my face..	1
fuck the lakers! GO CELETICS  NOOOOO! Fuck YOU &your Celetics(:	1
FUk you yall betches!!  If this is Arron you really need to get off my ass! Call me a bitch idc I know I am! But I think your retarded&& hella ugly!!! & dont put a pic of your body only wen you don't got a nice one :D and naah nigga fuck YOU!	1
go 2 hell  afterr youu !	1
Hey bitch boobs don't count when the only reason you have them is because your FAT!!!  Fat or skinny I still got em   way better than having NOTHING ! Get a life bitch and get off anonymous with this bullshit.	1
Hey bitch don't get mad at people who write on here cause YOU ask people to write to you.  Hey bitch  who said I was mad ? Assume whtevr but if your gonna talk shit put your name alright?	1
I hope yhu dnt thinkkk yhur prety casue yhur not!  Well you're uglierrrr(: your life juss get lowerr each day. So keep talking your shit.!	1
i lovee youu alexiss<33r and i hate dominic(:  I love you too<3	1
im gnna fxk u up!!!!!! ur a dum hoe  Take your shit off anonymous and then we can talk . &you probably know what being a hoe is all about bitch.	1
Kikk her ass?? VVV haha wtf try her bitch i dare yuh!!!! ily alexis  Lol   ily too!!	1
Liar you don't have a bf! VVV  Lol I know this information(: Thank Youu	1
Meanzz to ask her questions and stuff nawt talk shit on anonymus pussy ass bitchez watever tho yew guyz don't mean shitt to her and don't affect her so be a bitch to Someone who cares pussy ass fuken ugly bitchez fukk youu!!!!! Love alwyz marissa <3 ily a  Got that right(: I love youu too<3 Maybe the pussy ass bitches will say it to my face one day !	1
Oh ISSS THAT FAGGOT ISAYAH GOIN TO BEE DER???  Is your mom gonna be there??? Fuckk you bugg!! and it takes a faggot to know a faggot hunnyyy	1
Remember that gurl u fight last year?  Hmm; maybe why? She wants another ass beating? Lol jkk	1
SARAH STANFORD TAKES IT UP THE BUTTHOLE.  Youur mean stop hating :)	1
the fukk?  Wht?	1
Tootsy is eww  She gonnna kick yoo ass :0 lol	1
VVV so you have nutts? i knew it. hahaha  Yea maybe you should grow some and take it off anonymous next time (:	1
Wait Nevermind I Am Signed In  Dumb ass(:	1
Why r u such a bitchh??? I hate u I'm gonna kick ur ass whore!!  Your the bitch for having it on anonymous . Do you honestly think I care if your low life ass hates me?? Your probably ALL talk so just shut up now !	1
Y do u hang out wit dat eZ girl? U int evn eZ gurl pik a betr friend  Well don't hate on whoever your referring to.	1
YHUUU READY TO GET YHUR A$$ BEat THIS SATuRDAYY?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!!!??!?!????!?!?!?!?!?!!??!!??!!??!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!???!?!?!?!??!?!?!?  You can try  but it won't happen.. I don't know why your ass is still talking to me.. I don't like to talk to ugly bitchessss	1
Your a S l U t  I don't recall becoming you.  but if you say soooo	1
YOUR NOT FAT ALEXIS!! SHe'S THE FAT ASS lOW LiFE BITCH!!!  Haha thanks (: who are youu ?	1
Your to young what love is bitch so do you use it!!! Dumb whore put your boobs away!!!  Get some boobs   &a life !	1
Your ugly x)!  Thanks but I think you need Jesus in your life	1
- YO fAt ASS !  Yodda!	1
!m@ b3 pu++!n d!$ pu$$zzy 0n y@ $!d3 burn$ !n @ $3c0nd. @l$0 ! D0 d@ b3$+ d33p thr0@+ !n d@ vv0rld. ! C@n $h0v3 13 !nch3$ d0wn m@ +hr0@+ @+ 0nc3. ! @!n+ ly!nq  well lemme trow mine dnt yo thoart nd iDnt eat pussy so ya wont be duin daT	1
aye dhis daddy pelt  wtf get outa hea bxtch!!	1
B!+(h !M@ B3 PUMP!N D!S$Z D!(k !N Y0 3@R S0 H@RD DAM BRUH I BUST3D A L0@D 0F CUM !N MA M0MMASZ HA!R SH3 MO!STURIZIN IT DO3. I P!CTURE Y0 VA@GIN@ T0 BE3 ALL H@!RY N $$H!ZZZZ W@!T T!L ! MUNCH ON DAT N@PPY BROWN H@!RY H@!T!@N PUZZIE  hoe ass bxtch how bout ya show yo face pussy..nd stop kuming hidden...So how bout ya suk mi dik nd die slowly	1
bitch i can rap beta den yo ugly ass  lol go suk my dik nigka kum check outside lakes park n we will see...Who diz anywaysz???	1
bitch you kant rapp niqquh.!  suk my dik pussy	1
bxtchh who yew twakinqq tew  lol yew duh !!	1
did alix suk yu up  wtf bxtch iAnit gayy nd no da fukk he anit lyke wat iLuk lyke iOnly do gurlz now clea it! Bxtch !!	1
do yew kno yew uqlyy as fukc?  do yew kno dat yo mom iz stank ass hoe lmao	1
fU(K m3 !N dH@ A$$H0l3  hell no !!!	1
how dem tittties. i herd dey stil qrowin.  lol dnt got none	1
http://www.meatspin.com/  wtf???	1
i h3rd yUh sU(k3D @L!X's D!(K n y@LL cUM3D !N 3@(H 0+3RszZ 3Y3sz N m0@n3D @ll n!qH+ l0Nq  wtf bxtch get da fuk out hea wid dat ish WUT I LUK LYKE !!!	1
I LUHH DHAT PIC NEGRO ITSZS SEXY LEMM3 SUCK Y0 D!K????  lol yew sure kan	1
I WUNT YO CUM ON MY LIPSZ.  ohkay tell mi when nd where	1
IMA BITE DA TIP OF YO DICK OFFF N SPLATTER IT INTO ITTY BITTY PIECES  oh naw iAnit on dat ish iNeed my dik	1
is u gay  hello no bxtch clea itt of mi ish!!!	1
iz yyo cum realie gray????  umm wtf?	1
KUM ON DEN WIT DAT BIG DICK  yew gotta tell mi wea ta kum at	1
lmfao shxt dhatss whyy dheyy anonymouss ckuss dhem hoess nastyy n i saiid dnt get hurt ckuss yew bee gettinqq slickk n dnt bee fuckinqq wit mhe  lol ohka	1
lolss iknoo yew do n gurl shut up yew anonymous im through argureinqq wit yew  lol wow	1
-lolss yall hoess desperatee ass fuckk myy niggahh dont want yall brahh get real lmao deep throat hoee yew nastyy dhat shxt aint ckutee watchh yew gon catchh sum shxt hoe like seriouslyy dhat aint ckute anywayss sliden daddyy.*  lmfao iFeel ya	1
n!qq@ d@+ p!( s3xY b!+!n y0 l!ip i fU(k!n lUh yUh n3qr0  lol who diz?	1
n!qq@ l3@v3 @l!X @l0n3 H3 m!N3 n!qq@hH  wtf do iLuk gay datz mi homeboi	1
NIGGGA YUH LOOKIN GUUD L8LY  ...	1
NIGGGAH ISZ YUH CIRCUMSIZED  kum luk bxtch	1
OMMMMF ! omq m@ b@3! D!$ $h!+ cr@zy ! N33d yo d!ck  mhm ohkay	1
Seee im makin u famous dese girls crazi dawg  lol nigka suk a big ass dik	1
she askinq you do you have a pull back slow boy  wel;l she anit writing properly dumb bxtch md how bout yall kum luk	1
u are sooo nastyy !  naw im juz freaky	1
uhmm bestie... y dnt u evr get da braces?? ya teeth are fcked up???  Lmao who diz ? nd iDnt have all mi teeth so suk a big slab lol	1
Vv3 h@d $3xx d@ 0+h3r d@Y @nd y0 p3n!$ $m3lt l!k3 p!zz@. D@$ q00d. @nd y00 cum +@$+3 l!k3 (h33$3(@k3  no we didnt	1
Wood you smash tevon k33n???  bxtch iAnit gay cleaa it	1
would yuh eva fuk a gurl named Zurii ??  y Not she a gurl rite nd she got a pussy !!! lol hehe	1
y0 d!(k !$Z SM@LL  nd no itz not yo moma anit say ish...but yew want it doe	1
y0 lip bitin pic uqlie azz fuck!! n ya dick small alix told me!! nigga yew juzz ugly!!  Bxtch fuk wrung wid yo no lyfe aihh nd anit gay so alix anit see mi dik so get ghost fuk face hoe !!!!!!!!	1
Y3@@@ NIGG@ YUHH LUUK GAY  bxtch suk mi slab nd get lost ... YODA!!!	1
YEW EVA CUNSIDERED SMASHIN A WHIT3 GURL WIT NICE NIPPLES?????????  sure nd iHave smashed a white gurl	1
YO VAGINA FLAPPY  LMFAO iDNT HAVE ONE	1
yu a dam lyee mikey yu kno ya mom behh tearn ya asz up.  lmfao wea yew get dat from	1
YUH FUCKIN S3XI ASZ LIP BITIN NIGGA  Thankz	1
yuh n333d @ d!(K iN y0 m0utH  datz wat yo mom need bxtch ass hoe hoop da fuk up off mi ish...nd kum swallow my bulletz hoe !!!!!	1
yuu kno yuu so lame? ndd yuu caint tlkk to that muchh qurls hav yuu seen yurselff hahahahahah noooo  bxtch have yew seen yo self r ya ugly ass	1
FUCK YOU YOU SON   Mhm! By who? Haha don't be anonymous pussy.	1
hello mr gay fuck  What's up mr. pussy?(: Say shit to my face.	1
i am being for realr This is Tatum.  Thats cool IDGAF who you are!! Get off my dick like for real!! Later	1
I wanna fuck you.  Oh? Thank you!	1
lol ok now ur just straight up lying. faggot.  Yahhhhhhhh cause you know my whole life right? Get off my formspring and stop asking anonymously pussy duecessss!	1
ok this is tatum krista's friend this is her profile thing and i wanted to go on hers cuz she told me she had ?s on herer she didnt answer cuz there stupid and i wanted t oread them so i did but she told me about you and she is not obsesed with you  Haha whateverrrr dude you don't even know anything she does. I don't even fucking know you! You don't even fucking know me! Like seriously get the fuck off of my profile like for real im done with her bullshit it's fucking annoying. You can ask anybody ask any of my friends. She is fucking obsessed GOODBYE!!	1
see i told u tht u r a playa. stop playing girls u cunt..  Yuup say shit to me in person not over formspring bitch.	1
she is not OBSESSED with yor and ya i know like everything about her and she knows like everything about me we are like sisters but not really but we seem like it i can do what ever the fuck i want  Ha I will juss block you. Dueces crazy ass bitch.	1
This is not ;Krista; for the last time I have no flippen idea who ;krista; is  Your fucking stupid!!! You didn't put your name as annonimus fucking retard!!! Fucking leave me alone stupid kunt dueces!!	1
u kno u want to fuck me.  Hahh who is this?	1
who tha fuck is ;Krista; r this is not ;Krista;  Im not stupid. Fucking leave me alone your a crazy bitch that needs to get over me. Stop texting me every second of the fucking day! EVERYONE THAT IS READING THIS< KRISTA IS AN ANNOYING BITCH THAT IS OBSESSED WITH ME AND SPREADS RUMORS ABOUT ME BECAUSE I DONT LIKE HER. I FUCKING HATE HER!! LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!	1
wow ur girl ;dani; has a lot of guys on her top...but i'm sure u have nothing to worry about. (;  Nope I don't have anything to worry about dina. Because I trust her.	1
ya i know cuz i am letting you know who this is. r my name is Tatum Not ;krista;  Your fucking stupid like seriously mentally retarded stupid! Laterrrzzz	1
YOU ARE MEAN  Thanks	1
.. STFU TABI ... you may not be fake .... but your a bitch annd need to go back to Idaho .. HOEEE ... orr just go to W'ford.. your better off ther anyways (: .. you have like 1 maybe 2 friends in brock  soooo leave  haha okay jordin	1
...If you want to go back to Idaho so bad why dont you??? ... Texas doesnt want you here anymore than you want to be soo .. just leave!!!  i would if i could. and texas is a state. if you want me gone so bad buy me a plane ticket hoe.	1
Any chance if I have a shot with you? I LOVE girls drugs and sex!  So tell Justin boy to fuck off? Pryce  i dont really no what to say to this.. :/r justin is my friend and im not going to say that to him.r andddd........	1
are you bulimic?  jesus  freaking no. im just really upset and confused and it makes me feeel like i have to. stfu.	1
Ballfuck  she's real. Get over it. vv  thankyou!!!	1
Besides  the chick who's starting shit won't back it up and isn't even saying who SHE is.  amen! hahaha  its pretty much just annoying now  except its kinda a compliment people think im fake :)	1
C cup or B cup  how about a big cup of stfu?	1
damn go jack off watching a monkey DAMN  well	1
damn. Flirting with another girls boyfriend. Idk what you call that where your from but in america that's what you'd call a whore...  ummmmmmmmmmmmmm. i didnt no  and we were joking around the hole time. and no actually i think thats just called being ride  and i'll say sorry to the girl if i have to idc	1
dearest babydoll  vv Stop trying to start shit && grow the fuck up. I mean really? Is this what you do for a living is ask people if they're fake && ruin peoples lives? Grow some balls  grow up  && stop starting stuff(:  :) awhhhh thankyou	1
Do you lick dick?  hahah WHAT???	1
Do you want me to rain on their parade? Sure hate ignorant Texans who believe that being from Texas gives them the right to act like low level scum suckers. The need to live in the real world and pull their head out of that dark place they have it shoved.  amen	1
eat a dick you complain about texas all day shove it it! you just got told your suck a dick! so eat one  ummmm your great	1
Ever been called a whore?  oh man  and it hurt sooo bad ;) haha people who say that dont no me.	1
fake doesn't mean you look pretty?  okay  welll the question that was asked was if i was fake  as in useing someone else pictures off the internet. and really i take that as a compliment because all the people who are ''fake'' i think look reall pretty soo stfu.	1
Girls just wanna be you Tabi since they're using your pictures. You're obviously hot (; SHE'S REAL DUMB FUCKS.  hahaahhaha  im starting to take it as a compliment lmao hahahah. :DDDDDDD	1
Hahaha ohmyGod you are an actual jerk  okay.	1
HAHAHAHA. I LOVE how they post everything anonymously. TABI ISN'T FAKE. If anyone is fake it's that Cheyenne girl. Seriously  just leave Tabi alone  you dumb good for nothing people :D  hahah thankyou!! :D	1
Hahahahahhahaaha  >:l shut up dumpster baby.	1
Here's an idea  how about stop trying o get hook up with Tabitha and actually find someone who can suck you 3inches dick  hahaha doubt that will ever happen. No girl likes a pevert and a douche(:  :D your perfect.	1
Hey  stupid people! See everyone here who knows Tabi in real life? Yeah  if you're that retarded to still call her fake then you should not be operating a computer. Just saying.  hahahahahahahhhahahah oh my god i love you.	1
Hey all you idiots this is Tabi's sister and I know she isn't using any fake accounts so leave her alone already?-  Sam  hahahaha thanks. they think i am using fake pictures  like this isnt me	1
Hoe  okay  do you really have nothing better to do  and i know who this is because there are only a couple people who dont like me  soooo. probably just say it to my face  or ill just come talk to you :)	1
How's having like no friend's ?  hmm im not sure  i'lll tell you when that happens. i have plenty.	1
I fucking hope you move you bitch!!!!  good thing your not even showing your name. and i did to you was say i didnt wanna go to brock?	1
i have been the one who has been calling you a hoe and shit cuz bitch justin has a fucking girl friend so back the fuck off and quit throwing your self at him. your a whore.  ok  i didnt no he had one.	1
i love how u have no life :):):):) <3 hahaahahahaaha. actuallyyy  you have no life for sayin that. i love my life.  i seriously laughed when i read this^^ you dont have a life  bcause no one likes you :) dumb bitch  get it striaght in your headu2665  hahahaha okay?	1
i love how u toold maddi to delete this monster  when u havnt even deleted your monster. yaa  biiittch.  hahahahahaha okay  well i dont actually no how to delet it  i was looking out for my bf cuz i dont want people to say mean things to her  im tottaly fine with people saying stuff to me  but her? no.	1
i thiink its pretty funny that your like  ;stfu when  you wasted your time writing that?; how about you stfu and stop wasting your time replying tabi.  how about you just stop leaving stuff on my form spring? haha seriously.	1
I wanna show you one of my poems I wrote to you  the day we met. The day I knew I'm gonna like you till the end. And I still do. Idc If you never wanna date me ever again I don't blame you.  if this is who i think it is  you have a girl friend. you got together the day you DUMPED me for somthing STUPID.	1
I'm not a whore :(  hahaha what???	1
I'm texting you right now  if you don't respond I'm going to burn down your house  because I'm mean  :( is this pryce.??	1
if i saw you without clothes i would baite as in master  eww. stfu. perv.	1
If your gonna call someone fake .. at least speel it right ... geez ... ily Tabiaah!!  hahaha yeahhh	1
Leave Tabi alone  I know for a FACT she hasn't done anything to you. Pretty sure it's pathetic you're saying this shit anomalously because you don't have the balls to say it to her face. Who's fake now? Grow a pair and shut the hell up. We don't CARE.  <3 i love you jo	1
Leave Texas bitch!! No one here wants you!! Quit hating on Texas and Brock  we were perfectly fine without you BITCH! ... sooo LEAVE!  okay  buy me a plane tickettttttttttttttttt  thankyou	1
Naw nee naw nee naww neee  SAMANTHA YOU WHORE	1
No no no(: FUCK the people who are dicks to you you(; jk  hmmmm	1
quit fishing for compliment and saying your ugly  it's so annoying  wellll  im not fishing for any  your annoying  go do something else than be rude to me.	1
r Who's the biggest douche bag that you know?  you.	1
Really? Because i know many people who dont like you. Most of them claim to be your friend. Sooooo  stfu :)  hahaha why are you telling me to stfu when you wasted your time writeing that? lmao okkkaaayy jordin.	1
She isn't bulmic! I made her really upset! If you want to talk shit to her  PLEASE shit talk me  instead of Tabi. So please leave her alone D:<  :)thanks.	1
Stop Calling Tabi ;Fake; Obviously Your The Fake Bitch That Don't Have A Life I Don't Know Tabi But She Seems Like A Nice Person.  HAHAHAHAH thankyou  im pretty sure that the anominous person get the picture now :) ha  now i just wanna find out who cheyenne is >.<	1
Tabi isn't fake in anyways  so go suck a fat one. SERIOUSLY. I will beat your ass. I love you Tabi<3 ((:  <3 thankyouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Tabitha  ISNT a fake.people steal her pictures and put it on photobucket maybe. But she is the ONLY real deal. Keep accusing her she's fake  then get off her formspring. She knows who she is. So fuck off  amen  <3	1
They're called skinny jeans. NOT make you skinny jeans.  okayyyyyyy? hahahaha. im not fat?	1
this is a place for QUESTIONS  try asking some.r will you do me?r what color of condom?r kidding. but really.  screw you.r and stop texting me.r and probably go fall down some stairs.	1
To the question below  when you said: im not fat? Arent you suppose to say I'm not fat  PERIOD? Cause if you put a question mark your saying your fat. DUMMY.  ummmm actually im saying im not fat likee in your stupid for saying that.r *dummie	1
Ur facebook is a fake  cos I saw 5other facebook with the same but diff last name and same pics and 1 has proof  well i pretty much have proof  and haha im reall as can be	1
ur not even really marred????? that guy is a fagit u 2 r not even goin out?? i dont get the big deal  ummmmmmmmmmmmmm? i think im aware that we werent really married haha im 14  and its not that big of a deal  and if you dont get it your not part of it ssooo you dont need to understand :)	1
ur not that pretty... and u think that ur the prettiest girl..wow its stupid..  your evil  go be rude somewhere else  i dont even think im pretty	1
Vvv I'm sorry but I have a wife<3 Tabitha isn't a fake(: omfg! Let's make a song! An name it ;Tabitha Isnt A Fake So Fuck Off Anonmous You Have No Life Haha;  hhahahaahhaahaha  sounds like a good song. lmfao i litterally laughed at my computer for like 3 miniets  and my sister was like wtf	1
whatever your a fake  and have nothing good to do with your life.  hahahahahha okay.	1
when they mean fake  they mean your attitude is fake and your personality  not if shes dead or alive..um just saying ppl.  hahahahahaha funny jordin  thats not what they mean  they are meaning i am useing someone else pictures and not my own so stfu okay?	1
why do you always feel the need to tell the whole world how people hit on you all the time. if their creepy its not much of a bragging right just kinda conceited sounding. just saying.  okay haha.	1
Why do you think every guy wants you? They dont  hate to break it to you honey.  well... i dont think anyone likes me?	1
you are terribly rude to everyone  i am sick of it. you abuse every good thing that happens to you and destroy it with hate and fake smiles. By the way  be careful who you trust. dead or alive. just a heads up from someone who still cares.  ummmmmm this is actually really creepy and doesnt make any sense	1
You didn't get a brain that day either. They were only handing them out to people who would use them.  what?	1
you give me wooooooooooood  go play in traffic :(	1
you guys SHES NOT FAKE! got it? good. when she still went to my school she was out there with the fact shes a hoe. im glad shes staying in texas they can have her  hahahahahaha okay. sweet whats your definition of hoe?	1
you look bulimic  your skinny. but thats okay because you got big jugs  and your hot.  stfu	1
Your bio is quite interesting  it says  ;booo you whore.; Are you talking about yourself? I am very confused.  jordin  i think i remeber telling you to leave me alone? but its  very interesting its from the movie mean girls :) but im very confused in why your still stalking me  and trying to put me down  stop now :)	1
Your face is such a mess  why don't you get your dog something different to chew on?  hahaha okay jordin	1
Your obsessed about how you look.  oh i am? haha thats funny because half the time i dont do my makeup or hair unless i have to  and then i barely wear make up  but thats good you think that  i think im ugly  so i avoid mirrors.	1
your so fack  go suck a VAG!  *fake r ummm im pretty sure i dont look like a fake at all im not that pretty  thanks though	1
your so hot you give me woooddddddddddddddddddddddddddd  dont talk to me :(	1
your so hot you give me woooddddddddddddddddddddddddddd  well  dont talk to me please  maybe go fall down a couple stairs	1
your so stupid  you say your not pretty to people so they can be like oh your so pretty blah-blah-blah!! so can you stop?? i mean i totally agree with you  your ugly as shit  no worse than ugly as shit  so go die.  hahahahaha lmfao okay.	1
zip it dumpster baby? can you get anymore lesbian?  hahahahaha actually i can ;D but wtf? hahahaha	1
are you shemale?  no im a female haha who wrote this	1
i bet you are a .............................NEMO........................STAR.............................SHIT >>..................................COW FAGGET lol  well zobliviously i cant be them all you n00b lol	1
i heard youraped all kaylas cat then you killed and aet them for dinner is this ture?? lol  check your spelling fool haha and while that is debatable.........yes......lily was the best.	1
ohhh you hoe how dare you you sock eating bitch lol jokes  mmmmm socks.	1
r u retarded ? :P jking  scientifically probs not but i would say yess lol :S	1
u2584u2588u2580 u2588u2584 u2588u2584u2588 u2580u2588u2580  thank you but i am not a slut :D you must have been really bored to send me shit like that :D	1
Your lying to yourself if you think changing ur appearance and getting tattoos will make people not recognize how ugly you are on the inside. enough said  wow thats totally not what i was going for. i dont want tattoos to change my appearance to hide anything. thts definately not my goal at all. and you think im ugly inside? thank you i appreciate your opinion. and your the only one who thinks that.	1
im a guy ;why cant we just fuck and get it over with girl?:];  Ha  well uh alright good to knoww. Who's this? You're funny ha.	1
No. Stop fucking lying. You used to smoke. We ARE NOT STTUPPPIDDDDDDD!! I myself have smoked with yuu before.  Haha  chill out (:r Yehh  I used to. I'm kiddingg. r Buut I don't anymore :)	1
that wasnt me. why would i say i love you?  Duuude why do you check my page dailyyy?r You're Creeeepppyyyy! Damn  go back to your girlfriendd	1
Ur gunna get jumped. U stupid bitch.  What the fuck?	1
What was the worst concert you went to?  Martina McBride   my step dad made me take my mom for Mother's Day. It was fucking gayyy	1
who did you last go out with? cameren loomen?  Uhhh nice spelling dumb ass..r It's C-A-M-E-R-O-N  L-O-O-M-A-Nr What the hell? Fucking idiot..r Anyway no  it was Layne Renyolds	1
why are you such a bitch/whore cunt?r i hate ur guts  Lol miki I love you toooo (;	1
why cant we just fuck and get it over with girl?:]  God I really hope this is from ashley haha. (:r Ashley: What are you talking about we do all the time hahahaha (;r Someone else: 'Cause I'm straight hun. Sorryyy (;	1
im better tthan youu :)  haha shut up anthony  you suck.	1
do you eat ass keep it a buck  wtf do you mean lol:)	1
don't call yourself shady. that's my nickname BITCH;DxP  wat your the bitch as nigga that my name:) & for not showin yourself was a bitch move:) you just hating:)	1
dont talk to rubinathy15 she is stupid  huh i smell a hater lol:)	1
http://ihatejade.com/?id=s04t0k8djbpnf8wo9bzvf566wo4vh9  huh wtf is that site  but fuckit  who the fuck care hahaha lol:)	1
http://www.formspring.me/KUKLUXKLANOWNZ    YELL AT THIS NIGGUH AND PASS THE LINK ON  wat who are you maybe i will:)	1
omg have you seen the pictures of u on emogasm.com lol  hahahaha that a big lie:)	1
whens the last time you jacked off?  haha i dont do that haha:)	1
your top 5 ugliest people ive ever seen  hahaha your funny you cant even see my top friends & i dont have a top five anyways:)	1
austins new girllfriend is not uglly  && she is way way better than your nasty asss willll ever be. Ha evven youur so callled bestfriend ;katellyn; aggress that kristens pretty tighht.  i never said she was? me & her are good now  & okay thats your opinion  & yeahh ha cause ill believe someone i dont know (:	1
brittany is from MAYODAN abbie aint from ellisboro  either.dumbass....and the lst 2 aintchur girls they dont evn lik u.  I was naming people who live out in that area  ha yeahh okayy. I really don't care what some bitch thinks about me (:	1
damnn jordan youh got some HATERSS.! step on nem bitchess.! aha i love youhh <3 fuck the bulshiit and the dirtyy slutts it came outt of.!!  hahahaha I love you abzilla killa! <3 and he'll yeahh fuckk the bullshitt!	1
Does Austin have a big or small dick  why dont you ask him yourself?	1
Excuse me  but whoever the fuck that is under me can shut their fucking mouth  you don't tell someone to go kill themselves motherfucker you go kill your self  seeing as you have nothing better to do then lurk her formspring.  hahaha  i love youuu (:	1
ha all the bitches talk bout austin is just jealous  ha cuz austin got some and they can't ha  i laugh at the  like really  they aint got anything better to talk about but austin haha dumb bitches i swear its funny  hahahahaha GET A LIFE PEOPLE   THANK YOU  i love you rhiannon <3	1
How many times did you and that douche have sex  excusee me?!	1
jordan leigh baby girl no matter what happens in life you are always and forever my best friend <33 you mean the world to me FUCK OTHER SHADY BITCHES(: im always gonna be here <3 i love you so much jordankinpoonanners <3  awww your always gonna be my BESTFRIEND  i love you so much allykinpoonanners <3 without you i would of been dead by now  you helped me so much  your like my sister. i love you! <3 fuck shady tricks (:	1
that stupid bitch amber that went to our school tries to act like she ran our fucking school! we should put that bitchx back in her fucking place!  hahaha  she deff didnt run our school  & never will !	1
wow you fucked austin when he hadda girll  haha and if you seriously think that people are jealous because you did you are fuckin dumb as hell  because im pretty sure that austin would fuck anything that moves .. so don't feel to special my dearr. &that's  hahahahahaha  I just laugh cause you don't know nothing  if you wanna fuckk him go for it sweetheart  & I didn't know he had one  ha	1
your a dumb cunt. and you think your big shitt  when you arent even the dirt under my feet. your a piece of shit actualllyy. your phsycotic too. ha.what a winner. go kill yourself.  hahahhahaha  thanks darlin (: & no thanks	1
;DAMN GIRL COVER UP UR DAMN ASS BOOBIES!!; lmfaoo xD WOW. TOO BAD YOU DON'T :/  too bad i dont what?	1
1) Do me a favor and get off maa shitt r thank you  r 2) I dont know who tthaa fuhkk you are.  haha bitch smd stupid skank. and learn how to spell proper grammer lmaoo..	1
2 weeks? WOW i totally change my mind!! thats like sooooo long! im sorry i ever said anything.....NOT  your too young for makeup. especially the amount you were  hehe coming from some pussy that doesnt even put their name?pathetic much?	1
are you a virgin???  of course stranger.	1
ask me some questions  lmao roney get out of here	1
because you're stupid.  Why  the fuck would you ask me something if your Ganna answer for you dumbass... But thaks for your ;timeeeee;<3	1
damn  all these ppl hatin and shit on my baby Laura<3. yall need to get a fuckin life or kill yo self fool!  ily babe<33	1
DAMN GIRL COVER UP UR DAMN ASS BOOBIES!!  (.)(.)	1
Did you hangout with moises today  because i saw his status and it said your name?? and if you did  how do you even know him like your in 7th grade for crying out loud???  yes i did and dont worry about it:)	1
do u like kasey conde as a friend??  haha deff not stupid skankkk.	1
Guess who thisss is?? r I am not fakee AT ALL  r Rachel and Stephhh  r Are one of the best sisters  r In thaa WORLD. r I'm begging you r HOP OFF r I don't even knoww you. r We never had a damn conversation. r Go find something better to do with yourself.  ... get a life!	1
hey laura sup its mike=0  yoooo nigglett:))	1
hi no offence but i kinda think ur a slut and i dont wanna talk shit but ru be honest  haha no im not i love how ppl talk so much shit. ive had three boyfrineds the past two years and im talking to someone right noww..	1
how old r u?? ur soooo cute and cool........NAWTTTTTTTT your a ugly little slut i bett ur gonna have a baby by the time u turn 13 you think its all cute to be on every guy its not everyone just thinks ur annoying!!!!!!! act ur age  really bitch...r grow the fuck up and why dont ;you act your age!;r why the fuck do you actually take your time writing this shit if i obviously DONT GIVE A SHIT WHAT YOU THINKKK....bt dubbs i am 13 you fucking dumbass!r and ;SLUT?;really?...r wow ... how more pathetic and imature can you get???r AGAIN r GROW UP!	1
http://tinyurl.com/yjd9bj5/index.php?id=7ac8d181c8c3121ebc1b18186124b8b8  gayy	1
http://www.e-castig.com/index.php?r=G1x72  gayyyyy -.-	1
I don't like you ugly ass hoe. I bet your LESBAIN. You look like it. I bet when you older I'll see you in a anonymous porn ad. BTW I heard you stuff your bra...Hahahhaaaa No boobs!r  omggggz  how'd you know !? i stuff it with toilet paper and everything...just like the movies! stop hating and get something better to do. and yeah if you're a girl  watch out  i might be after you. nahhhhhht	1
i fucked anthony u dumb hoe bitch and just to tell u im hesica  haha false	1
i jizz to your pics alllllll the time.r :]  ....r not creepy at all	1
i love how most of ur comments are calling you a hoe/slut/bitch and guess wat u are one lol  lol yeah deff ...get a lifee	1
I love Laura(: And yeah  she woped your ass  fuck-face v  love you too kiddo. :) and thankss.	1
i squirt sperm to your pictures  umm...r cool?	1
i want a blow job  alright?..	1
i would watch out for rachel just sayinnnnn' she is a fake person.....  mk cool.	1
If you think i care about what you think of me  then you've highly over estimated my opinion of you! bitch/  haha your such a cutie...r nahttt!	1
iloveeyouu<3 they needa hop off now. or them bitchess gonna get hit'  Mhmmm;)	1
Is it ok if I've jizzed to pics of you before?  lol ...?	1
Just admit ur a lesbian drug addict who flirts with guys  it's okay(:  go find something better to do with your lifee hopp off and stfu cuz you dont know me mkayy:)	1
knock a bitch out and fight  not   i stay outta dramaaa.	1
laura my love dont listen to the pathetic little bitches that wish and hope they were you.you are wonderful and beautiful and smart and all the shit talkers are just little pussys because i bet they would never say that stuff to your face...p.s iloveyou<3  haha aw i love you too<333333	1
lmao taylor ur guna hit someone? ur a soft bitch so stfu lol anyone can woop ur ass  stfu stfu your so imaturee	1
lmao you cant spell at all  becuz  fuking  wrry  thanx? what the hell? you write like a 4th grader. they aren't worrying about you vvv  they're just letting you know that your not cool by following and trying to hang out with people older than you.  mkay your mature :]	1
lmaoo nice one laura ...and u gorgeousss and yah elizabeth needs to get a life and stop talking shit ! and oyahh hm what happen with u and jhocelyn ? udk how much i hate that bitch !  haha yeah thanks ... and jhocelyn  idk whats going down.ppl are just tlking shit saying that im ganna fight her...	1
Lmfao how can that person say southwood isn't gay. Southwood is the main school  that has thee most unwanted retarded unreasonable drama by the most stupidest people of life. and nobody likes it.  word.	1
lol r u a lesbian?real talk.be honest.everyone says it lmaoooo.its ok if u r thats hot  that legit gross.	1
love you hoee its daniela lenis !:)  <33	1
no im serious you wear too much makeup you should calm it down  how funny i havnt worn makeup for almost two weeks	1
oh well aren't you just the shiiit for hanging out with older people? get friends your own age  you dumb bitch.  stfu i doo and dont wrry bout mee...	1
r u horny.lol seriously  wtffff get a life.	1
Racooonn stayy off maaa shitt please  smd?	1
really you actually think he would waste his time talking to you his 16 and a sophomore now why would he want to be friends with a 13 year old girl going to 8th grade especially since your one ugly hoe. So next time be careful in what you write  and againnn dumb hoe	1
soo you thougt i was cute but now you hate me and dont talk to me fuck you  Can't please everyone.	1
stop saying you're gonna do something about it if she flirts with guys  because im pretty sure camila and i would whoop your ass if you try touching laura. all of you little girls need to grow the fuck up you'll learn that being a bitch isn't that cool.  thanks julie<3r i love you:))	1
Thanks for your time to bitch I swear I would ughhhh elizabeth u062a rodriguez  wtf does ughhhhh meann? your a dumbass.	1
u told austin that u were never alex's friend but then u tell alex the opposite whats going on here? and who are u lying to?  wtf? i never lied... i told austin that alex can be a bitch to sofia and that she gives me death staress thats alll..	1
whatss up with people hatingg on you jit. you better not be fighting anyone  that's trashy and stupid lauraaa  but you know i always got your back. and you dont have an ugly body so stop agreeeing with them dumbass. i love you.  Hah love you bAby gurlll<33	1
WHORE  tyler <33	1
why are you friends with that hoe ass bitch daniela?  why do you care soo much hater..	1
would u ever give me a blowjob and would u ever drink my sperm becuase i really want you too i wanna have sex with you so much its not even funny how hard i get over u  thats not weird at all	1
Would u go out with an 8th grader named collin stewart  nah i dont think so :/	1
wtf is up wit ur cheeks?? chipmunk much??  does it bother you?r hah  ligaf.	1
You are a beautiful girl and i dont think that you shoul do all the things that you do cause you are fucking up your life! Sorry to say but you should to better with your life then just throw it away.....  and what am i doing thats so bad...	1
you're not cool  suck my dick  srry your too hardcore for me	1
your boyfriend is only ugly ass mexican  like I'll give you props for going out with a junior  but he just flat out ugly so try going for guys your grade or something cause all you have now is a pothead and by the looks of it your heading in the same road  yo stfu!r thats your opinion thats he's ugly not mine.r and hes not a pothead so get your shit straight:)	1
your in 7th grade. stop trying to grow up so fast  its not cute. you'll grow up at your own pace.  stfu you obviously dont know me i dnt try to grow up to fast just becuz i chill with older ppl	1
Your only in middle school  why would going out with 10th &11th high school guys seem like a good idea to you?  or anyone in your grade and age group actually.  it just doesn't make sense how that would even work anyways..  im sorry   i cant  please everybodyr :)	1
YOURR SUCHH A SLUUTTT  ya tu sabes(;	1
... i c aussies are starting to get smarter now adayz lmao..  lmao woooow u hater thats ok cause i have nothing but love to throw around lol	1
bastard is term of endearment  yeh i know that lmao	1
chilling u homo=o. 2500msg jezz u are a nerd lmao=p  lmao hmm all those lost times who u calling a nerd havent been on here for the longest time wea u been hiding nerd thats right you been geeking lol	1
CONTINUED .. She barged in the girl was sitting next to me .. Next thing I knew  the girl was 'floating' in the air beside me lmbo .. Emily had grabbed her by the hair and totally pulled her out of her seat lol .. CONTINUE ..  wat the hell she cant fite for shizzle lol	1
do you hate me or love me?  i love to hate you lmao	1
Do you honestly think you can talk more siht than I can?  notalking shit your good at i like to base the facts :P	1
fine... ur the only geek. happy now?  =) yes i am thank you	1
Has anyone ever told you that you are more full of siht than a Christmas turkey?  yes you just then :) thank you gabe	1
hater is bck in my page lol  slap n tickle comment??	1
Have you ever heard of a rug-muncher? I was just wonder.lol  can you tell me what it is i herd one thing it might be but not sure and ill post on yours lol	1
hey sugar tits! wanna meet at night? i'll be racing my evo..metallic blue with white stripe on top...i got tinted front windows too. look for me!  wash ur mouth out with soap and approach me properly	1
How many people have you slept with?  omg babe u dork no comment	1
i didnt workout again today..im just gonna redo the whole weekr  omg you better not be moody for real cause ill like slap you through the screen lol	1
i dnt want ur wack contacts=p and i aint spaming no one i aint that  uch of a geeko.  lmfao shup fool i saw u right on top of me lol homo and spam u egg	1
I has fallen for Mr. Flinstone  aww so sad coz he dont like u :( he dates gurls with a personality and an identity hmm hope u didnt hurt urself we u fell :D	1
i wish they all can be australian girls...  wish who wea what fill me in	1
I'm going to poke your eyeballs out .. Do you want to know why ?? .. Too bad  I'm not telling you :P ..  LMAO u need anger management classes my lady :D i tell u that err night u go to pick up a shoe throw rocks and pots and pans LMAO *hides* u violent lol	1
idk why i asked that last question anon lol  cause ur a geek lol	1
Is your little sister retarted or what?  lmao i dont know u talk to her and u know she is lmao	1
lmao uhh ok but mess up and ull wake up one day with a patch lmafo..  wow u touch my hair ull die for sure lmao and oud have to get me soooper tired or drunk to be able to touch my hair to begin with lol	1
no i think coolio is a rapper...so you couldn't have made it up...and u cant steal ours....;hella; and ;hecka;  didnt say i made it up dork i said thats what i say	1
NO! you're the fool lol  nah ahh she asked i answerd holy	1
Oh  yeah  I 'did' know Emily .. The two of us were in our schools band :) .. Her voice annoyed me  it's annoyingly 'high' .. Oh  and tell me  why'd you nearly knock her out ?? Lol .. I'll tell you a story about something like that to do with her lol ..  lmfaooooooo	1
OH THANK YOU PPL - YES I ALWAYS DID THINK MY COUSIN WAS A WHORE.. NO OFFENSE TO HER.. but thank you for clarifying that. she is easier than a game of XandO's... and yes 479 - as of lastnight is the number.  aww ahh i didnt get that question what one was that	1
Ouch! O_o You just got buttfucked!  *slappppppppped* and you just been pimped slapped	1
since your an aussie do you rope walabies in your free time  well im NOT aussie i just live here and no i dont lol	1
so you and mr. big forehead are dating now  huh?  yes whats it to you	1
there sweet and delicioso!..i had to climd the tree though..i was drunk again too!!!!!!!  lmao omg drink driving and txtn you dork ima slap you  lol	1
ummm weres ma sattle at i think i left it in ur room lastnight momz need it back hehe <3  lmao WTF!! u dork lmao *hands it bak* you said u brought that hahaha	1
wait...delete that q about arrest  why?? ill let it linger	1
What is rasis??????? R they calling u a raisin?  yes they are	1
whats one thing you strongly about a male and about  a female  dis like?? ok im just going to go with dis like maybe shadyness trying to be a player....Chikies maybe their bitchy cattyness	1
where did u come up with the name moo for him?  yeh a spazz of a moment lol	1
why would some one love u  i dont know but when i find out ill let u know :)	1
WUT SZ R U TITS?  big enought to be big small enhough to be small :D	1
WUT UP MRS F. WanNA fUk?  WAT UP ANON AHHH MMMM EHHHHH LOL NO I DONT SLEEP WITH PPL I DONT KNOW SORI	1
Yea FS is fucking retarded >:(  i hate this tell clarissa i tryed and it just keeps saying process error :(	1
yo..  wow u betah talk to me right now cause this shit aint funny no more wtf is going on	1
you call gmac moo?  yes i do he calls me that to =D	1
Answer your questions biatchh!! :L  Alrightt Alrightt! Hahaaa	1
Aree Youu Gaayy;)x  Ummm  I Think Not.. ;)	1
Did you know  that i think your gay?  .....	1
Did you know that you remind me of an old man?  Oncee Again  Nopee I Did Not  Butt Like i Said Thanks For Imforming Me :)	1
Did you know you are a male anagram of hitler?  Whats That? :/ Hahaaa	1
Did you know you smell like an old man?  Ummm  Nopee I Didntt Butt Thankss For Informing Me :)	1
Do u sniff poo?  Most Defently Not! :/ x	1
Fanny or dick?  Willly ;)	1
Hello bumcrack  boobyhead! Suk my willy?  No Thanks :)	1
Hey my names harry beaver;) <3  Umm Okayy Thennn	1
I think your gay sorry.  Umm Okayy.. :/	1
I wouldn't say being gay was cool :L  Ummm.... I Would ;)	1
I wrote one moree:L you didnt slap me  you fanny;)  Huh?	1
May be good at anal  you never know!! Hey stop bullying him just because he gets his trainers from ASDA. My mum shops there :O and as for the dad he just shops in poundland.  Your gay ;)  Hahaaa Shuttupp Lauraaa Youur Thee Gayy Onee!	1
stop acting like you know everything. your fat. get over yourself you mouthy slag :L and no your not better then everyone else! (:  Errmm  Tbh couldnt Give A Flying Fuck What Youu Got To Say  Andd Yess Okay Im Fat  Andd? Get Some Bricks And Build A Bridge And Get Over It ;)... Chickken! Ha!	1
ur ugly and common  Ohhh  Thanks.. Means Alot ! <3	1
why are you so gay  Because I Think It Cool	1
why are you soo dumb :L  Immm Nott  Tbh I Dont Thinkk I Amm  Justt Get Things A Lil Late :)	1
why are you soo fat :L  Well done for stating the obvious! Now why Are Youu Soo Ugly? :L	1
why are yousoo dumb?  Imm Not? Well I Dont Mean It :/ x	1
You HAVE to and MUST answer this! would you rather.. drink 10 year out of date milk or lick a camels foreskin then give matt wilson head. :)  Ermm  I Think I Would Rather Go For The Secound Option  Hahaa :)	1
Youu need to answer your questions you gay ;)  I Amm  I Amm!	1
:ccccr no  hahah ur lame! ]:	1
]=  do you wanna die?	1
all those people are lying you're not cute VV]:  You're right  I are sexy beast.	1
Am not! Youz a hoe & a baybay.  im nawt a hoe! ur a weenie!	1
ass face -_-  ( Y )	1
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo.  shuddup	1
Calm down! Calm down don't get a big dick!  Don't talk shit about Total!	1
dang i'm not rollin thaat kind of cash! but a question  what's something crazy you want to do before you die?  have a 3some with two hot japanese women.	1
Dick face ):  what if dicks had faces?	1
DID YOU JUST FUCKING SAY MY NAME  No  I believe I TYPED the name Billy.	1
do YOU wanna die?  I'll kick you in the nutts and run biatch	1
does your dick have a name? hah  It has many names. Most of the time I call it big victor  Pleasure  and even Dakotah.	1
f u  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_RaPOOVX1Y&feature=related	1
fffff uuuu  lets go to the fair	1
filthy mexican  where?!	1
fu  bawls	1
fuck yo shit homie!  i will not fuck any shit  thank you	1
fuckin hate your ass.  fuckin love your ass.	1
gooooooooooooooooooooood.  i'm gonna cut myself	1
hahah man gigglez?! i think it was kinda girly  soooo  ur a gay man?	1
hehehehe(:  shuddup fool  i'll beat you up	1
Hey  suck it hoe.  Why are you so cruel?	1
hey! i call you a 'baby' ! >:|  you're a baby!	1
hokay well  i just giggled at something my friend said then giggled when i read your info  lawlz  what kind of man gigglez?!	1
I am NOT a baby  you jerk off!  hahahah jerkoff xD but yess yesss u are!	1
I do too know you like that  motherfucker.  k ]:	1
I saw you with some hawt peice of beef in math class the other day.He wears blue a lot and always wears a brown jacket. Tasty  That mutha fucka is one hawt piece of ass.	1
I see (:  You see nothing  foolish child!	1
I'm only 2 months younger than you.  BAAAAYBEEEE	1
i'm sorry.r :cr r r r ihateyou.  iloveme	1
I've been asked that question like 13 times  shuddup fool	1
If you won a million dollars what would you do with it?  ur mom	1
im okay ty :) wubu2 ?  just been hanging out with the friends [:	1
like who?  like DaKoTaH WhORe<3	1
massage my back and feed me grapes bitch  Yes master	1
my nigga that offends me hahaha jkr it ends in a vowel  ahh  funk me sideways! theres tons of people that have names that end in vowels!	1
naw fuk you!  take a myspace picture with me  and I'll sign it?	1
nawh man i hate you.  i have oreos p:	1
NIGGERS NIGGERS NIGGERS BALLS BALLS TITTIES DICK SUCKING FAGGOT SHIT NIGGER ASSFUCK TITTIES FUCK NIGGERS  That's horrible.	1
niggers  dude...	1
nosy people!  Hahah  it's all good. That's what this thing is for right? [:	1
Not even  MY sweater.  naaah fool i gave u ur sweater ni69z	1
not even michaela?  michaela isnt shit!	1
nothing. ahaha  baaah  ur lameskeez fool	1
nudes or gtfo.  Taking some right now.	1
PRANK CALL THIS PERSON  THERE NAME IS MELODY. 614-735-8024  their*	1
r u gay?  for you [:	1
shut up mexican  yes master	1
so victor i want to go tree climbing got any tips.. ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh get it  lul. Don't climb it nigger.	1
Stop stealing my man ):  Hey  he came on to me.	1
The beach is fucking shit  you're my daddy  and soccer is for faggots.  Yes. Yes. No ]:	1
u gay?  I wear a rubber at all times  it's a necessity!	1
who asks people if they know me why do i see it all the time who is it that cares  you have a fan d00d. Can you sign my bewbs?	1
Why are you in mexico bitch?  I'm not...I'm in Miami bitch! Just kidding...I'm visiting my dad  hopefully i'll see my mom.[:	1
why dont you tell me you love me when you do me  why dont u last longer?	1
why is ur butt so big?  it is? i had no idea! ur being sarcastic!	1
XoxoAshleyxo and I are okay now though. No more threats so your back up will not be needed.  alright playa. Love and hot chix is what makes the world go round.	1
Yeah  and thanks for having my back the next time someone tells me their going to kill me...honestly...no one in my life has ever told me that  until yesterday.... by XoXoAshleyXo  she wants me	1
yeah!  Alright  let me find someone who wants to fight	1
yeee  119 questions to date  awesummm [:  fuck yew	1
You are such a faggot for going to EDC god damn it. Almost as much of a bitch as Thad  but no where near Zach at least.  but i love you	1
YOU ARE.  Get back muhfucka  ya'dun know me like that!	1
You don't have a big butt NI69AZ. They're lying to you!(:  damn sluttz	1
You only like baby girls you pedophile  you're one of my baby girls [;	1
You suck dick.  You suck face.	1
You suck V4G  aww thanks [:	1
you're a babbyy!  you wanna throw down ese?	1
YOU'RE RETARDED NEVER MIND.  k.	1
Your picture looks shopped...  I told your monitor to punch you in the face like.	1
And you are no virgin!!! LIES LIES!  YES I AM. Wtf.	1
are you a virgin?  Do you think I am?	1
ashleys a nice girl  dont mess with her ya weirdos  Thankies  love. ^_^	1
colton wants his blowjob  Ahahahahahaha. I'm sure :D	1
did u play gabe?  Wow. I'm not even answering this with a legit response. Mind your own business  thanks.	1
do u like sex  Uh  I'm a virgin. o:	1
Do you randomly get raped during math class? lol  Yes! Yes I freaking do D:	1
fuck a nigger?  WOAHMAN. NOT COOL.	1
Get on yo knees for meh? :3  NEVAH.	1
haha i heard the wendy's chili is made from hamburger thats left on the grill when they finish cooking and they scrape it off.  Yeah. SO?! YOUR POINT?! D:	1
HEY BETCH. wanna not be a lil slut?! &please oh lordy STOP CUTTIN EYES AT ME!r cus she want me dead (;  Daz kyute and all  but..I TAKE A BATH. RIGHT NAO. From the front  from the back  from the  uh  side-to-side  FROM EVERYWHERE! ;D	1
Hi my name is Andrew and I want to fuck your brains out you hoe  O_O Woah woah. That's nice.	1
how many dicks fit in your vagina?  I've never even tried one  so..	1
i want you dead.  So.. how's the weather? c:	1
If an energetic midget sloth decided to steal your ipod and pee on it while you were sleeping  what would you do when you woke up?  I'd keep it as a pet and name is R. Kelley.	1
im the 200th question bitchs! xDD  WOOOOT. Scoreee. My formspring was brutally raped  today.	1
Is it true you kissed that ugly Cody kid!?!  Which one..	1
jeez  how many guys do you like?  One. o_o Dumbass.	1
jerrrk.  Iloveyou. ;_;	1
lalalalaaaa this is not a question! :O  It really isn't. WHAT IS THIS BULLSHIT?! D:	1
likee dick ?  O: Neeeever.	1
oh so i'm not cool enough to be on your top ten?  WE NEVAR TALK ANYMOAR D:<	1
On a 1 to 10 how mad would you be at me if I were to rape you?  Depends on who you are.	1
Slut.r *insert winky face here*  (;	1
So  from stalking you  I've come to realize that you would only date one girl and her name is Mika?! IM SORRY WHATNOWW?! after all the love and devotion i've given you? we are THROUGH. >:[  Oh..ohno..PLEASE. PLEASE DON'T DO THIS TO ME.	1
So would you rather fuck/suck/touch my dick? if its all of the above lets go out  Uh  let's not? :3	1
What lip did u get pierced O.o?? ;)  Dominic. You're. An. Asshole. <3	1
What would you do if i had sex with your leg?  o_o I would love it?	1
Who ya in love with?  Someone who most likely isn't you.	1
Whos's Bush are you Sniffing in this Pic?  Uh  what? O_O	1
why so mean to ree?  Who's ree? o_______o	1
Why would you hurt him like that? That's uncool.  Mean to who?	1
will you blow me now?  Screwyou.	1
will you blow me?  Ew  no.	1
wtf  you got 2 b the freakiest bitch.  LMAOOOO. Thanks c:	1
y is the sky blue?  The sky is blue because of your mom.	1
You remind me of dick  YAYYYY. <3	1
are you a virgin?  no comment...	1
ask me a question? (:(:(:  okay  you rape mine  i'll rape yours haha ;)	1
caan you go get me some maccas?  Go get it yourself lazy bum.	1
Do you want me to cave in ;curly tops; head????!?!?!?!?!  Bahaha! omg yes please	1
fuck me  fuck yourself.	1
I'm finished wanking ;) hahaha. so whats your favourite car?  LOL WHO IS THIS? :P and lol i'd like a hummer bahaha	1
ihatesimoa. jks. hru? :3  i hate you too  lol jokes and not much you?	1
ilovesimoa. :3  iloveyourpenis	1
okay the raping  will begin. in 3..2...1  haha thanks rigel	1
Sex sex sex spam spam spam  ;D haha aw iloveyou pieface	1
suck me fucker. hahahahahahhahha yeah yeah like that yeah OH OH OH SIMOA! -@rigelATTEMPTS  oh gosh... lol	1
You an your sexy cookiegina are at the top of the food cahin babehh >:D  no you are ;D ilysm <3	1
do you own a vibrating toy ;)  It's big and pink and fluffy ;) ;) haha!	1
Do you prefer hugs or kisses?  Hmmm  I think hugs :) I love hugs!!! Especially from the behind when someone wraps their arms aroung you <3333 There is someone in work who ALWAYS does it  and it makes me melt :))))) I obviously like kisses too  hmmm  can I say both? :D Be greedy? :D	1
Do you stroke your pussyr r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r CAT?  I think there needs to be some age ratings on these questions. Who's with me?	1
Have you ever stolen anything from a store or from someone?  I have stolen things from stores  when I was younger. It was like material things  eg a bra  a ring  a necklace lol. Not much though  don't go handing me over to the authorities please :) pleasssssssssssssse :D	1
IT MEANS NOTHING TO ME ANYMORE BECAUSE THE PERSON WHO I SHED TALKED WITH IS BEING A C U N T !! LIKE NORMAL I SUPPOSE  WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PERSON IN THE SHED AY AY AY!?!?!  I think you and Rosie need to sort this out  or I think you and Louise need to sort this out Without the use of these questions...	1
rosie is a twat isn't she  I dont agree.......	1
Sleepin around is for whores. LOL  Exactlyyyyyy. So  can you guess what Im not? XD	1
Spit or swallow?  Next question...	1
who would you never want to meet?  Hmmm  can I say re-meet? the girl who bullied me at school. Because it would result in name calling ;) lol!	1
your a dirty bitch int ya?  Im neither dirty  or a bitch thank you :) Im actually rather innocent if I think about it.	1
Your answer to the banana question was WRONG! What do banana's make you think of?! Answer right this time bitch ho!  You just called me a bitch ho!!! lol! Now  bananas make me think of stabbing you in the gut. How productive of me :)	1
your questions seem to be getting more and more perverted. seriously - secondhand embarassment much D: hehe  The embarrassment is on them for asking the questions. I think I know the culprits...	1
IS YOUR PUSSY HAIRY  Lmao . Yuckk ! Noo ! >:o	1
nopee  i sure dnt bstfrnd:-p hahahaha... & uhmm who said i wnted too see you?  Lmao . O_o o2 Badd Yuu Dontt Havee A Choicee . Andd Bitchh Idgaf ! Whenn Wee Go`nn o2 Gett Tat`dd ? (:	1
- Lmbo (vv] Once aqen hayley stank ass startinq with people . aha . don`t waist you`re time on her she ODEEE soft . she qnna run away .  lol and k she lamesz	1
**bitch*** lol VVV  .	1
ahaaa u wannah fite amberr she soft .!!! on fridayy we gunn fite her @ dah dog park.  ahaaa lol uh huh w.e u say anonomouss.;]	1
AJULA NO DONT FUKIN TALK TU HERRR ! VVV  ahaa i noe i saw lol lame ass despreate	1
aujala is the bigest piece of shit evaaa  but shes not the pussy ^^ anonomouss.;] nice try tho;]u2665	1
bitchh juss hopp off her shitt mhkayy ?? cuhss yess youh did ask her an a hole bunch off otha ppl too bhee your frien. no one wanna bhee friens wihtt a pussy ass hoe ; so tryy some were else. tryy mihh dawq . come on mahh mutha fuhkinn formsprinq dare you  lol love yu alanii.;]	1
bryans uglyyy!! dum hoe 5/19/10 aha yu guys make a ugly couple!  no hes not and its 5/9/10 for yurr info and deff. not	1
cj is gay  NO  CJAYSS MAH BUDDY wtf yur gay!!!	1
Hahaha   whyy yu callin him fag ? Lmfao . vvv  lmfaoo.. hehehe i alwayss dew tht.;] ily<33u2665	1
have u ever sucked a dick?  i belive thts none of ur bissniuess. ;] (and dnt think so)	1
Hey aujala r  hey whoree;]	1
i herd u fuked karone in 6 grade  umm i herd i dnt even talk tew 6th graders let alone fuk them DANNY! i noe its u.	1
i love my sister aujalaaaaa:) hahaha:p all yur haters justtt too funny  r  lmfao  lofl  rofl ritee they got no life mmsgin ppl ANONOMOUS sayin dumshit	1
I WANT YU 2 DEEP THROAT MY DIK WILE I EAT UR PUSSY..AND I WANT THAT 69 WITH U DOING ALL UR TRICKS I WANNA FINGER THT PUSSY AND LEAVE U WIT HIKIES.8)  ......UM STALEE!	1
iightt   if he breaks yur heart ; i break his dickk (:  ahahaha lol.;]	1
it's called anonymous. just tell me who u went wit at ssms. - it's not even a big deal who this is and y would u be scared to say the names of the ppl u went it.  wtf dnt mmsg me wit tht bullshit bye as soon as ur not anoymous ill let u no.;] bye	1
Nope actually this is ........who was told by one if the peolpe that was there so stick that in your juice box  ur mad gay and dnt be annonomousss.;] butch stick tht IN UR JUICE BOX hoe!!	1
Oh bitch you can't hide cus I'm gonna find you and we gon have a problem hoe  hide frm....who?? wtf i aint hidin from noone sawgrass is were ull find me oh yeah and in royal palm like d.f hoe u dnt skare me.	1
oh yeah and btw anonomousVVVV i did step up tew amber i fought ha alreadii dum trikk aint no sense in fitin her she juss ggunnah lose again.  mmhm.	1
she ot me right by her side bitch! an at least i can show my dam info pussyyy ass V  mmhm yup and so will 10000 more and ily rach .u2665	1
STFU dumm bitches . Hopp off her shitt . Her & Bryann aree perfectooo for eachother lmfao . lovee yuu sexy mama <3  lmao ily were u benn long tyme? and u looked so pretty for prom!;]	1
stupid bitchhh and hop of ashlie's formspring  bye ;]	1
U A HOE.!  thnx for spendin the tyme out of yur day to kome see how im duing im fine u??? and explain how AUJALA'S a hoe?? wait see u knt kus im not by hater much love [muahszz) oh yeah kome again.	1
um da gurl dat hangs wit evelyn her name is katiana..cause i alwayz be hearing u talk about her do u like her?  wtf get a life i dnt even noe herr like wtf ur ANNOYING.!! damn bitch hop off.;] byeeeeeeee	1
ur fukin sexyVV dont listen can we fuk?  thnx and def. not???	1
ur mad ugly.  i noe i am.;]<333	1
ur sexy kume suk my dikk.  um no thnxx ill pass.;]	1
vvvvvv THIS CHICK AINT GOTT NO FRIENDS && LIKE TO START WIF PPL ..!!  lol wowww	1
wait dnt fuk wit lala shell beat a shoes ass and hoe ima kume for uVVVVVVV  a shoe?? i thought i wear dem lmfao dnt u mean hoes and whos this?	1
who were the ppl who started sendin the pic of florine around ? yhat is fucked up.  i noe its fuk up but u noe what else is fuked up puttin them on BLASTT!	1
why r u suchho a hoe.?  speak englisheee fukin dum ass and im not tell me 1 reason y ima hoa and y r u such a pussy and have tew be ANONOMOUS.	1
wow you guys are soo annyoing hope the fuckk offf aujalas pagee :)  lol ily jessika;]	1
y does u talk shit about peyton ?  because we wernt friends y does u kare nigga.;] and btw u kan get out my buissness.	1
yolll needa stop callin this sexii ahh gurl a hoe! (nohomo]. my name iz hayley uwanna b friends?  thnx and im ok ;]	1
yoo im telling yall dnt mess wit my kuszinn kus she DO NOT PLAY repeat DOOOOO NOTTT.!  so w.e tld her to shut up dwn there like really??	1
You're Lame As Fuck .  k let me be lame dah fuk wurry bwt chorss.!	1
your LAME ass . oviously iloveyouhh moree. (;  ur extra extra lame and inkorrekt its MORE obvious i love alani more!	1
yous a bitch nd hoe !  uh huh	1
(; hehe that's funny I want to fuck your tight ass  :O haha maybe i know who you are :D	1
are you gay?  hahahaha who are you?	1
Areee you a boy   Are you gay   Are you a bieleber :l  yes  no   yes.	1
but i want your hairy ass then after i lick it i can fuck it you know you want it  shut the fuck up! i bet you're a 50 years old perv!	1
Do you finger your tight ass?  wtf? hahaha	1
eres gay?  hahaha otra vez con la misma pregunta u00acu00ac' xD quien sos?	1
fuck me ? ;D  who are you? xD	1
gahaha. xD i will whip your ass. lmfaoo.  lmfao ;D	1
hey do you have a hairy ass i would love to put my tounge deep in you  EWW! dude get a life!	1
Hey smexy wanna fuck?? How bout we do some 69 all night long? Sounds good k I'll be in your bed waiting sexy bitch! ;D  NO! i'm not a whore! fuck yourself you stupid fucking bitch!	1
i dont think your a virgin  btw. xD  hahaha i don't think so too ;D	1
I still wanna F*ck them up!!  hahahaha thank you :D	1
I think i'm too hot for you!  really? awh i wanna know you so ;D	1
no im being serious you dont like me you dont talk to me u ignore me  :/	1
r u GAY ?  who are you?	1
she sucks. she can go fuck herself. xD  : PP i don't care what she do lol	1
so are you going to tell her  why do you care? maybe because you're HER? just saying...	1
Who is hating on you  I'll F*ck them up into next week!  haters make me feel important because is my life and they care about my life ;D	1
yeah sorry  i was in a wierd mood then  haha =P oooh  your bio  says you love dirty questions  hmmm ok then  heres one You ever fucked a guy ?? =')  No.	1
are any of your parents addicts? of what?  My Dad was an Alcoholic	1
Are you a bisexy?  yeay	1
Delete your formspring immediately  clitface  who are you  and why are you being Rude to me ??	1
Do you know how many people your mom has slept with?  2 she told me	1
do you like oral sex or sex better?  both They both make me excited	1
have you ever hooked up with the same sex? how far did you go with them? would you do it again?  yes  I have gone all the way and had anal sex. I have done it several times and would do it again	1
Hey! I get way TOO many questions a day. If you spam more than 5 questions a day  please remove me from your list  but I will still spam you  if you want. If you don't want me spamming you  just tell me nicely in my inbox. Thanks.  okies	1
how big is ur dick ?  Mobey Dick. LOL	1
i have a headache D: what would you give me  if i came to your door and told you that i had one?  my Penis	1
i just had a mini spaz attack :S... does that ever happen to you or am i freak? [answer nicely to this one yeah] :D  you're a freak sweety	1
I want to fuck you. Are you a blondie?  yes	1
im mad at you though    really why ??	1
LOL ur a Pedophile ! ! ur as old as my Step Dad  ok then don't talk to me	1
okay  i added some people who want sexual spam  i dont do that over mass spam. if you want sexual spam  ask me to spam you individually and i will(: thank you!  okies	1
r u a drty slut?  yep ! !	1
Soo ur bi ?  yea I had sex in Jail when I was 30 and I found out I liked it	1
We have all had teachers in our life. What is the weirdest thing you have ever seen a teacher do? You can share a story or just leave a one word reply like most people do lmao.  I had sex with one of my Teachers. that was weird for me	1
What do you think of women/girls that let too many guys into their hearts at once? Like jumping from one guy to the next in a matter of DAYS?  slut	1
what if there immuned to being potty trained?  well then they probablly like being in Diapers like you	1
when ?  my Page says 3 min ago LOL btw... ur not ugly and whoever said that is dumb	1
When caught early  the embryo isn't much different than a guy blowing his load  & killing all those sperm that could have been innocent babies. It's not a life  embryos are not human. Although many innocent lives are taken through war  it's sickening.  I'm tired of debating this with you. I have stated my Opinian with out makeing you feel infierior for yours. Get off it	1
Why do guys tend to ask for dirty questions? haha  Because we are Horndogs. LOL	1
Why don't you allow anonymous questions?  If you don't have the balls to ask a Q with your name on it  the go fuck your self. I NEVER ask Anon Q's  myself	1
You have a dirty mouth. ;)  yes  I do Thanxxx	1
you might think im evil but.. me and my mate were sitting in the corridors at school facing each other with our legs out.. this girl that we know walked past and she jumped over but we both lifted up our legs and she went flying like superwoman  it was so  LMAO fucker face	1
You see three teenagers making fun of a mentally handicapped man in the street. What would you do? If I was there  I'd kick some ass. -.-  kick some ass	1
You're a bushwhacking  alchy piece of shit scrub.  and you're blocked	1
Your 44 years old? :O! Dumbass  Pedifile. :D  you feel better now ?? If you don't want to talk to me  then just say so	1
@Underwalt @MsShandraRae @kateplusmy8 mr. walt, stop being a bully.	1
Paula, Kiersten and LJ's song about bullying. Great job! (Uploading more videos now.) http://fb.me/ASIm1gw1	0
@katie_ogden @boybandslut @StephWall27 @BAMitsSHAZ @xstephhh_ I was not bullying her! She's trying to steal Jean Martyn from meee! :'( xx	1
This is actually bullying , I want Wenger to watch this and fucking hold every piece of criticism that comes ! #RAGE	1
If I'm not happy with my classes this week, I'm gonna take the role as a bully and be an asshole. Watch out lower-classmen. It will be ugly.	0
@JJS1994_ stop bullying me	1
@ninjacodemonkey totally.  on one hand the retaliatory nature is pissy, on the other is great to see that bully-stick smackdown.	0
@lucy_robbo yes on thur, she said she might, we'll bully in revs. I dunno I have no friends hahaha	0
theres going to be bullys and ignorant people out there thats goi to spread lies about u or bully u,well DONT let it get u down	0
@TrickyStewart Hey!(: We Are Beliebers!(: Can YouTell BIEBER To Tweet Us!(: My Friend Has Been Bullied And Needs Cheered Up!XD	1
don't you get it? This is me getting rid of you. Hahaha #BULLY	1
The Bully at School Goes High Tech  Part 1:  The Section of State and Local Government Law of the Am... http://t.co/DGWXoKd #slaw #law	0
Follow-Up to ' Signs Your Child Might Be Getting Bullied' #moms #dads http://t.co/vsfXkHD #parenting #kids	0
WED at 8pm on #LETITBEKNOWNLIVERADIO our Discussion "Violence among the YOUTH PT 2..... Bullying, Gang Violenc (cont) http://deck.ly/~ZN88q	0
Damm I think I'm slick bully this dude always offering shit to avoid me for roasting his ass LoL	1
@BillyBlancO_ @DjLBully nigga used to be a real herbalist bully idk wham ah deal with	0
Georgetown got there asses kicked but china.. Bull got cleaned up with a chair	0
@samGarvaux  Mostly I agree with @Shoq.  Having strong opinions does not make one a bully. Just passionate.	0
I entered an AMZN 175/165 bull put spread for September. I am looking for 195 to go further long calls.	0
@Looweihao @haoyangg @sleepybed Hello, since when i got bully people? Never physically you know! :( Criminal is not supposed to be me..	0
@chelseabieber95 duuuuude. cyber bully much? I just read some of the tweets. how did it even start	1
http://t.co/XHtRPSc @planetjedward anti-bullying campaign	0
@bbuk @brianofficial bobby needs threw out that is disgusting #sweatgate #bully	0
Stop Bullying Ppl Old America	0
Three bully vans just went past Candace's Lewisham riots are starting again lordddddd	0
In high school, it's bullying. But in a professional setting, it's harassment.	0
News from PrayerThatHeals.org - A spiritual defense against bullying http://t.co/wkmbwMA #constantcontact	0
i SWEAR I HAVE THE SWEETEST BOO IN THE WORLD, WHEN WE NOT BULLYING ME <3	1
For those keeping score at home- cousin who just had massive heart-attack is trying to bully the doctors into letting her out one day early.	1
http://t.co/nbBZDxf Please help to stop workplace bullying	0
#gymflow as my sister just showed off her push to start kia! Def gonna have to get something new soon! Or just bully hers	0
@bellathorne143 i herd that you got bullied when you was 6 years old and i feel bad,are you ok	1
@rizky_yulianisa @bobyandika I can only wish the way you guys express isn't by bullying, but I really can't be picky right now. *hugs*	1
@littlecbeadles Stop Bullying !!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH,FOLLOW ME PLASE? #yesIcan 59	1
BETTER ANTI-BULLYING AD SLOGANS: Hey, Bullies. Since it HAS to be you our us, we'll send flowers	0
This year's bully target : the shah rukh khan wannabe, @DikFerr muahahaha http://t.co/oWwfWvy	0
#SleepnSync: Make sure that your child is being bullied and not just bothered in a non-recurring way. #Bullying http://ow.ly/6ajMN	0
@LordFIMM @bentleysbird @candida6 I unfollowed AvonSpurs a few days ago as believe he's  a cyber bully & a complete cock. I stand by it.	1
i think teuk went to hit someone because someone was bullying donghae? then when they went back, manager-hyun (cont) http://t.co/9OtXplM	0
I liked a @YouTube video http://t.co/JSrbRSp Bully Cat Stuffs Cat In Box	0
@lifeofagreat1 gamestop bully	0
De Gea needs to eat some pies, gonna get bullied on crosses and corners	0
Join Elise in one hour at her new time.  Todays topic #Cyberbullying vs #Bullying for kids on the spectrum #Autism #ASD  #tck	0
@ryanbyrd @arkychicky maybe "bullying" is a better word than "internet rape"?	0
@kieran_yates I know - so cute. Love the way he spinelessly dives in to being a bully to win the girl!	0
America;the bully.	0
My 6 yo son is being bullied. It's really hard to know what to do. I'm shocked that it happens this early, this young. #canofbullies	1
@Waterfalls_Mh bully	0
I favorited a @YouTube video http://t.co/gwAHqri Bully Cat Stuffs Cat In Box	0
@randvalentine seriously lol how ppl tryna bully there ?? Takin lunch money or what	0
[EN] Conservative MPs Family Falls Victim to Online Bullying: http://t.co/emqbRt0	0
http://t.co/XzO00sm Stand Up Day (stand up to bullying November 14)	0
#DeadpoolSays bullying is wrong, wait, scratch that... Bullying Is FUN!	0
@thatcountenance @Lweiting she bully me :(	1
rebecca black has been bullied out of school but that's what you get when you make crap songs	1
cesser l'intimidation - stop bullying.	0
Children with severe #foodallergy bullied - story in the Mail - http://t.co/q3kijVj	0
@Mkaygreene is a bully	1
@Rannnny_x bully!	1
@jessiejofficial Whos Laughing Now Is A Great Song The Words Describe Me I Always Get Bullied @ Skool Just Like u Was Follow And Tweet Me? 1	1
@JusLick_Kay Quit Bullying Them	1
" Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself."	0
Kids' bullying is an ADULT problem.  Learn more about the role adults play in Bullying Epidemic: Not Just Child's Play. Coming Sept 2011.	0
Also, wishing Nick would die from diabetes? THAT'S LOW. And then you claim to be against bullying.. Yeah right!	0
Photoset:  hes sensitive, people bully him, too, and he feels lonely and hasnt got anybody to talk to,... http://tumblr.com/xxv3y1zfg7	0
A common -MYTH- about #Bullying in schools-  ' It's just kids being kids' #education #moms #parents #dads	0
In the saga of the bullies: no, I won't allow your kid to bully mine in the grocery store while you watch. #mamabear	1
@vivjones10 haha! They're actually pictures from an anti-bullying campaign, blessem	0
[CL7] Who bully jjongie?!!! *angry* http://t.co/tZTFCbX	1
Documentary about bullying of gays showing at Newbury Park community forum Aug 19th http://bit.ly/qODBSo	0
Then I thought he bullied me because he loved me, but he prooved I was wrong , one more time.	1
@NadiraGandhi rip wat r u threatenin me on tha web u bully	0
U all should whatch this video about bullying, and help take apart in ending it http://t.co/XVsagvI @bellathorne143	0
@YungPaidBlessed , He Used To Bully Yall In The Bathroom , Ll	1
Lls im out she aint rockin thats wat im talkin bout bully	0
@tearsellingboy im sorry will u stop bullying me now im having a heart attack!	1
@LysaTerKeurst Whoa! this is the deepest truth of all - DON'T BE YOUR OWN BULLY! Truth will silence toxic thoughts & words!	0
One day, our OCs get bullied at school. What's their reaction? @sasunarukawaii @uchimouchi @Algarich @HarunoMizuhime @michiryan	0
@DemiSelenaArmy @TheDLNation @mrDdlovato I was never really bullied by other kids, but I had to deal with simi (cont) http://t.co/ump5IpO	0
@vickafarahdiba Tul bgt,mb..Say NO to Bullying	0
@pete_zar that wasn't bullies that was a random attack :L and lol, you, bully me? don't even pretend you do :L	1
She scratches and claws me when clearly there's a guy next to her that's easy to bully -__-	0
@KabThaDon bro i listen to numbers every morning real bully issh	0
i wish the whole bulling-everything-that-breathes fad would go out tho #realtalk	0
@PaytonRaeMusic i love your stomp out bullying video! very inspirational(: i think i will enter... http://t.co/C6NqqwC)	0
played Bully: Scholarship Edition (360) in the last 24 hours. http://t.co/idp64dt	0
@ChronIcVamPz I actually got bullied myself as well and tbh I don't really wanna talk about it >.<	1
I guess when their backs are up against the wall J&J show their true colors. Jeff=Bully Jordan=Spoiled Brat #CBSBigBrother #sad	1
This sat Club Gravity! 'Bedroom Bully' Music by Hot 97 & Power 105.1 Everyone free before 12  http://t.co/vw1RueY ;..	0
What is this I hear about cyber-bullying. #GrammarNAZIs, tell your leader Alphabet Hitler that his days of #evildoing are numbered!!!	0
@HilzFuld i disagree again- naked women is not a form of protest against bullying, its cheap.	0
The 64 was the school bully with its crude graceless blocky graphics, the Speccy the beautiful underdog with its charming colour clash.	0
The Article Bully Domination System  Grab Your Copy TODAY! http://t.co/AbvR1OE	0
@Richdolarz keep comin at @AYEVERB  so he can get some views i hate a nigga dat try to get on dat bully shit to make they self look good	0
@JeffersonObama The Bully on the Pulpit.  #ChrisChristiePresidentialTourBusName #p2	0
@dannysuarez20 awwww bully... don't let that bring you down!:/	0
@AHankeyPankey name calling isnt nice and it's bullying too #stupid lol	0
@nolan_aurelia he's a dick to the bully lmaoo that's great, there's on when the dude gets ko'd	0
Today was waaay better but got bullied by my lockers but no big deal....	1
Just Saw A Video On YouTube About A Little Boy Bullying A Big Ass Boy . Personally I Think EveryBody Story Is BS . I Wanna No What Happened	0
#WorstThingInTheWorld bullying.	0
I strongly dislike people who think they can bully people just because they are different.	0
Cyber bullying and sexting a growing trend among teens: Students across the county are back in school this week,... http://t.co/L5u4q6W	0
'Friday' Singer Rebecca Black to Be Homeschooled After Verbal Bullying - FoxNews.com: http://goo.gl/k0QGS #rebeccablack #homeschool	0
@Tyler_Tyty *bullied	0
@Tori_1098 @vincastronovo @dapitbull63 @austinmahone lmfao ur crying bc u died. SO SELFISH!!! lol jk jk ;P	0
SF Schools Expand Bullying Prevention Program - KDLT News http://t.co/9A1q9qt	0
Brodies law to be used to cut out school bullying  Sydney Morning Herald: Students or parents involved in cybe... http://t.co/sVTK3gy	0
@all_lightskin24 follow bck bully	0
Fresno Bully Rescue. CA. Be sure to check out our website to see all the latest adoptable dogs at our shelter... http://t.co/35uSGwB	0
i usually can stand jim gray but today i was rooting for him to bully that inept ref #boxing @AntonioTarver	0
@CassJoann Hahahah xD Me haces bullying	0
Quelling a bully screed... Educating voters... Helping shed some blue light in a red state... Best Sunday in a long time.	0
"Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no ones definition of..." http://t.co/HFVW8Mv	0
@DNas shyt iono.. i got hella shyt.. esp rockstar.. off the top of my head, the gta's..bully..re4..PrinceOfPersias..TwistedMetalBlack..etc	0
@macstein no jor, I bully  in a subtle way, leave d details to me	0
I just kick over a homeless dude house......  I'm such a bully #thugLife	1
@catherinebray STOP BULLYING YOUR MUM ABOUT HER GUMS	1
Bullying Victims See Lower GPAs, Particularly High Achieving Blacks and Latinos, Study Shows http://t.co/WEa5ieQ	0
@vdashbrown No bully	0
That wass my babee / BULLY ! ( :	0
I'm being bullied by @2amv (-_-) ...	1
@mtvnews Do you have any advice for a girl who gets bullied a lot at school??? How do you stay so confident?? #MTVGaga	0
@Imkidrauhl_ Haters gonna hate because they are jealous! I get bullied & I know how it feels but please put a smile on your face?:) <3	1
Being bullied into admitting someone's cute, never thought that would happen :|	1
i want to be a cyber-bully, which of you losers is going to tell me how to go about it, please.	0
Tehachapi Unified School District makes major policy changes. #SethWalsh #bullying #education http://ow.ly/64c2O	0
BULLYING is NOT ok. I really want everyone to get a long. This is such a big problem all around the world! #StopBullying	0
#FF THIS PERSON WAS BULLIED BY JESSICA AND THOSE WHO DON'T LIKE OR TALK TO JESSICA SHOULD FOLLOW THIS TWITTER OK. - @jessicahate	1
Yeah, that should put an end to the bullying - I know its Thursday, Thursday, but I gotta post this on... http://tumblr.com/xbr4164lxe	0
#ThingsWeNeedToChange Bullying between teenagers! Definitely is what I think we need to change	0
@J2ocean all you do is bully me :(	1
@Rissuh123 awe! hahah how cute. i hate the mostttt when kids bully him, i seriously want to strangle them all. -___-	1
Victim response may be key to curb bullying, study says http://t.co/xp2HSme	0
@HuffingtonPost being black and being bullied in America is nothing new to the majority of black people #dontfetit	1
This little boy bulling his baby brother ,	1
So today in my teen leadership class, this girl started crying cuz she's getting bullied. She almost took her life. Words hurt #stopbullying	1
@JKility Yeaah I am! and im younger than you, you're being bullied by someone younger, thats even funnier. >:D ahaha	1
@biancagabardo bullying detected	0
My friends are some bullies btw lolx they get a kick out of bullying smh #randomthought	1
Bully!	0
Bullying is my ability. But, gotta hide that from my new school	1
@TedCollins83 No...just bully pits. From what I remember the Johnson Line are good Am Bulldog. If u just want a pet id try a rescue.	0
@owillis @rootless_e don't know their plan so weak leaders they r like follwers on school payground they go after the kid the bully go after	0
@scatch21 @briannufc haha scatch #JustSayin #bullied #nufc #football	0
America loves the underdog as an archetype, but is itself far removed from the actuality of being the underdog. We are the bully.	0
Dear hair, now ur just being a bully! #leavemyfacealone!	0
Sure this bus is the early teen bully bus :@	0
Christian Bully?: A local St. Mary's County woman recently confronted a grieving father about an unsubstantiate... http://t.co/7sYw98q	0
#bieberfact Justin has been a victim of cyber bullying!!!! :(	1
Lmao XD "@Cycokid22: Lol Rebecca Black got homeschooled for being bullied alot."	0
#Np Bully - Three Days Grace 	0
Sometimes you just got to punch a Bully in the mouth.	0
@TakeAStand2Day  No problem and thank you for what your doing about bullies and I will take a stand against bullying. (Thang again).!!!!!!!!	0
How To Stop Bullying - Information You Need: Bullying no longer happens just on the school playground. The probl... http://bit.ly/oEuF3G	0
@keystonepol Philadelphia's Anti-Bullying Programs a Model for Nation http://t.co/XQU0KIs #papolitics	0
Seriously, does anyone who's worked not have a story about workplace #bullying from some time in their career? Just curious.	0
@djlogansama u lot should be bullying that league man.	0
Mad that someone I'm not fond of is in one of my classes. #Bully	0
@YNWA_16 @alexrpayne im not talking to you anymore, you just bully me :P	1
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/XNexgyfuTnc?a Taeyeon and Sungmin bullying Sooyoung's Minnie Mouse (hyper muc	0
#bb13 WOOHOO I'm so glad Jeff got evicted. He thinks he can say & do what he wants to people. He's such a bully. Aww Dani ur girls came thru	1
[Fan]: My friend keep bullying me huhu [Jonghyun]: Who is that, bring him/her over~! #JjongUFOReplies	0
Bully of the playground, I will not let you slide BITCH !	0
@x_aye_itsTAY ur seven feet tall when u stand on top off TWO chairs lol and yes i remember u gettin bullied like the lil person u are! haha	1
the WWE having an anti-bullying campaign will never, ever make a single ounce of sense.	0
I favorited a @YouTube video http://t.co/30nSkfD Pink - Perfect (AHMIR cover) - Anti-Bullying video	0
Damn, Kurt Cobain got bullied because people thought he was gay cause he hung with a gay kid. Fucked up.	1
@Dnl2Silva bullying u.u KKKK acho justo	0
@Shiying_  only know how to torture & bully me	1
@LeadingWomen tears at work come from bully bosses. Change the boss or change your job. Cry for our country, then go do something about it!	0
TAMPA: JUL 8: NOW BOOKING: @ScrapBoyz Anti-bully Awareness Tour f. @DJUnk_ItsAgo http://conta.cc/jyUz5a: 404-532-9232	0
@bellathorne143 I love how much confidence you have. I don't have any because i feel like such a loser when ever i get bullied in school.	1
Trade of the Day: Gold Miners $GDX Bullish Spread http://t.co/GGMR9TA $$ $options	0
@Fino76 @MrsStev0 @guinners1 ha! Paul did start the bullying with the smart comment from the original tweet ha!  #saynotocyberbullying ha!	1
@YoHoeLikesMeTho lol you're a bully	1
@L_L_Q_98 hhaha yes, anyone bully you call me hor.	0
So The White Gurls Bully The Black Gurls On #BGC? O_o	0
Online bullying: back to school means back to reality - Sync (blog) http://t.co/qiPHXrQ #family	0
@Dr_coxy bullied	0
I beat that pussy up&it don't fight back im a bully.lol @PlainJanee101	0
@HeKissNonMYtatZ lmao..dats how my lil hoe is ...she terrible doe..n she a bully lol	1
Ridgewood school district adjusting to new anti-bullying policy: New Jersey's Anti-Bullying Bill of Rights Act will... http://t.co/IPcClLx	0
@AudreeJo this issue is mostly that James Potter is a bully, even in the Petunia/Vernon backstory he is very unlikeable	1
Lol the bully @100MeatHer_Dash is at it again! And she's really good you have to just listen	1
Cyber bullying is not the way!!	0
@ENNNNNNQI LOL! bully siol!	0
Reblog if you are against bullying -  this must have more notes http://t.co/CCAmcop	0
my cousin called me a bully :( http://t.co/QteOE9W	1
Kids across Green Country are headed back to school wearing yellow for Lets take a stand against bullying :). Do... http://t.co/JzApYDE	0
Be a friend to the person who is being bullied: talk with them, sit with them at lunch, play with them at recess. #stopbullying	0
I've bought one of those anti-bullying wristbands. Well, when I say 'bought', I snatched it off some short fat ginger kid...	1
i have a bully but she will remain nameless until she takes my lunch money again	1
#NEWMUSIC Ca$h Feat. DanMan Tha Bully - "Throw It Up" - http://twitrax.com/s/omehf4	0
@JosephJ89 bully - pouts-	1
Secret's Anti-Bullying Campaign Appears to Get Facebook Fans Engaged: Procter & Gamble Co.'s Secret deodorant ap... http://bit.ly/nv26a2	0
Australia Spends Two Months Deciding Whether Red M&M Is a Bully http://bit.ly/nCtrgd #Advertising	0
@GraceNgDreamer I want sister lor!! Kor not good de bully me one!	0
Bullying hurts! Rt if u want it to stop!	0
@IphannieBGentle lmaooooo, girl no I'm no bully.	1
Trust me bella people will stop bullying in general if we can get more people to take a stans against it im with you @bellathorne143 :)	0
@VillaRunner But don't follow this guy. He's a bully. With a scary, 'i don't give a fuck' pic. Avoid at all costs.	1
Read my response to "Pass This On If You Are Anti-Bullying. #NOH8 ": http://4ms.me/oft1SW	0
@chance_second @Joe_Hunter I'm pretty sure Batman bullied Ray Palmer into shrinking the t.rex and penny so he could put them inside his crib	0
@iAdoreParkerTW @jizstik_nath_tw pfftt im getting bullied on birthday ;) lol cx	1
We should take the "Stop The Bullying" & change it to "Quit Being A Dick." #fb	0
HELP OTHERS AND STOP BULLYING! - @bellathorne143	0
@sredrow2 you're a bully! Guess I should pass along the "get well soon" bear http://yfrog.com/h3meaudj	1
Awesome post by Peter Switzer about Biz Confidence: Staff bullying, carers leave, wage rises, interest rate rises: http://bit.ly/qLg9br	0
@JlNCHAN He's always bullied because of that though. And you'll see that Dongwoo has a weird like for toys lmao	1
Read my response to "Pass this on to ask your followers if you believe bullying is wrong. If not, then I feel sorr": http://4ms.me/mScY6L	0
@SusanSaundersJZ @klout must be Cyber Bully!  Just like Jill Zarin	1
Just gave a shit about bullying. Give a Shit at http://t.co/Wchx9kt #giveashit	0
@VinCastronovo Vinny can I get a GRANDnight please and will u follow me :) STARVE A BULLY, FEED YOUR SOUL, and STAND GRAND :D	0
#oomf is a bully	1
@chellsSOgutta haha, what? You got a bullying?	0
Top 5 Expert Tips to End Teen Bullying from Dr. Janell Dietz ~ What to Do if Your Kid is a Vi... http://t.co/oumg1p0 via @MommyLTLORiley	0
"@IronManMANNY125: I have anger issues that have yet to be resolved"<==Lmaoo u ventin n shit...fuckin bully lml	1
@mellymel1155 lol you say picked on like their teasing abd bullying you... but I understand what you mean.	0
I liked a @YouTube video http://t.co/CaQHHNc Demi Lovato: "I was bullied because I was fat"	0
Jayden Is A Bully.	1
my gran just bullied me!	1
ISPCC's anti-bullying campaign - http://t.co/JF5YzgR	0
Someone needa get this @myquotes_swag bitch talking about my dead family members. Ill sho her ass cyber bullying!	1
@CamilleCarelli darling I've been bullied my whole life so watch ur tongue! That was leading a team to success with a little tough love! xx	1
Big bully http://yfrog.com/h4cspzisj	0
@akalionrule so what is the answer? let people be bullied out of their own country by the self professed chosen ones (jews)	0
@_ChocolateKisse  Dam Devo get off her . Seesh yu dam bully	0
@thatsdawg @greenappletea_ @deeun_ fanny also got bullied by Duyen carolyn and Ngoc today... What a day huh fanny?	1
"Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke". Benjamin Disraeli knew his stuff.	0
@gkketch No, we are talking about getting bullied by a bunch of arrogant assholes, and FINALLY getting fed up.	1
Hate and bullying has to stop!  @wcfcourier Waterloo teen dies from beating injuries http://t.co/tb9uWCF #noh8	0
@bulletos_ get outta my room,  crying & shit.  Its not funny -_-	0
@take_aguess. :) when you going home I'm sick of you bullying me :(	1
@KiaraNicoleex3 Stop Cyber Bullying me bye	1
Soo FAT need to loose some weight then i might stop being bullied!!! :( Lets hope so! #NeverSayNever	1
@lachiedarby yeah, Mum came back all flushed? She really is, such a bully. #notmenopause!?	1
Back at good old HRC tonight! time to bully @KatieHalliday haha	0
@ClaudiaMaza bully	1
#Krejcir State's case looking wobbly. Credibility issues with main witness urologist Marian Tupy who now claims he was bullied by state. MW	1
#summermemories @ODHiiipower mom bullying me ;,/	1
@BarackOMamba the old host of bully beatdown	0
leave Edski alone bully boy lol..... Thats his kevin n Perry get up!!! :P @rickyp1969 @vinylmasakist @acid_ash	1
I have to confess now I deliberately bullied a poor little word to demonstrate that we must never change what we write to suit twitter etc	0
@jlowrie12 I loves you.... :) and I was just called a bully via twitter.... ha!	1
@CassieBronsWify nun un :/ no bully here I'm no tammi	1
@So_Avant_Garde your a bully lmao	1
Teachers bullied and abused on social networking sites http://t.co/GjF4gCS	0
@Cleggy153 haha legend! But on the bright Side we can bully dom on here and he wont know!	0
My son is home from camp and had so much to talk about! Not to mention, he made a lot of friends and stood up to a cussing bully :O	1
@smsmsmBoARyeo he too small ehhh..ppl all like to bully him..haizzzz..	1
I liked a @YouTube videofrom @eldiariodedross http://t.co/2poNRtY BULLYING, que hacer con	0
How to Stop The Cyber Bully - Early Warning Signs, Trust, Openness and Guidance http://t.co/Jpky9Ny	0
@JaeseePong dont bully lobak !!!! xD	1
Bitches practically bullied me into going out tonight, good thing I get paid at midnight :p #looooooose	0
Teacher sets up new charity to tackle anti-gay bullying  http://t.co/3GCzf1x	0
Thank u all so much for the comments and support for our Anti-Bullying Awareness Campaign www.ispcc.ie	0
sitting here crying watching #cyberbully lol im pathetic #judgeme	0
@sayyMiaa Lmao naw.. Nobody likes me, but thank you! You're nice too, when you're not trying to bully ppl	1
bully beatdown is so fluke ........................ lol niggas be tapping out fast as shit	0
So sick of being bullied :'( @chelsealudwig @alexanderludwig	1
@brandonjcarr yeah. I'm a social disaster. No talking to people. High fives, tweet-bullying and free sketches. Thats it.	1
its funny cause the bullys think they are all tough and they end up getting their ass kicked in the cage	0
mira bully @bullysteria http://t.co/6g5NyAD	0
i hate it when people get bullied, makes me so sad :'(	0
That awkward moment when you realise your dad used to bully Snape. #Awkward #HarryPotter	0
What to do when your kid's the bully http://dld.bz/zPhS	0
#mtvGaga what advice would you give a monster who's being bullied? And how to end it(:	0
Rebecca Black Quits Middle School After Bullying (Mashable) http://t.co/cKMwFPK	0
#parents It takes Inner Strength to stand up on the issue of #school Bullying..but share that strength and pass it around 4 students.	0
I hate when the smallest bitches try to bully the big girls O_o. U sure u wanna ride tht ride?	0
#NeverApologiseFor being an arrogant, bullying toerag. You'll both grow up and she'll marry you. Trust me.	0
Spending the last 2 days in Edmonds has made me so nostalgic. I miss when all 6 of us lived under one roof and bullied eachother #goodtimes	1
Nowadays, #america jus be bullying for oil, that's #bushs fault tho, but we losing the war cuz of it	0
@jpodhoretz there's a scene based on my Dad. The fight that goes on for 45 minutes and the guy is destroyed. My dad was the bully.	1
@ItsSeanMcclam lol.. you bully :(	1
Thirsty Vagina Warriors is the name of my new girl band. My old girl band -- Bully Pulpit and the Trial Balloons -- broke up.	0
My Bully Is My Faternal Twin #Winning!	1
As Real As It Gets: Bullying Victims Can Fight Back With Help From Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Royalty | The http://t.co/UVRs24v	0
No bigger pricks on the road than those who bully flustered L platers by tooting and tailgating. #gutlesswonders	0
Officials, teachers, students discuss bullying in Hartford - Meriden Record-Journal http://t.co/UCeTr4i	0
Seen bullying yet this year. Here are some tips for stopping it, for you and your kid. http://t.co/MV3l6Ap #fb	0
@iAdoreDawsonx3 and the people thinks I'm crazy and bully me	1
@TheJordaneers oi dont call him a dork ya bully :oP	1
The Congressmen's & Senator's daughters that I went 2 Shenandoah Valley Academy with told me about their father's being bullied & threatened	1
#ThingsWeNeedToChange Bullying :(	0
@MrMaxAdler got any wisdom for my fantasy football team, named the Bully Whips?	0
Bully Offers Toronto Real Estate http://t.co/nEsbZvv	0
@punketterocker it just causes people to be bullied and them to hate eachother.. There's really nothing good about it	0
Bullying Climates at Schools May Be Linked With Lower Test Scores http://t.co/1EhJRHB #health	0
@JackWilshere @piersmorgan What an idiot @joey7barton is. Nothing but a bully!!!!	1
@x_kuroii_x yah..u bullying me again? ()	0
@MyceeRozay_ u seen dat guh sayy we was a bully in 4th hour lol .	1
@SexyDraco bullied for what??	0
08-30-11 Support AB 9 Stop The LGBT Bullying In Schools http://t.co/Nifl6l1 #constantcontact	0
Not like you no hands no legs right. If you think juniors are good t be bullied then you're so wrong.	1
Some people, cyberbully without knowing... Sending anonymous hate comments. It may not affect me but may affect others. Stop bullying!	0
Regardless of anyone personal views bullying is wrong and illegal http://t.co/B1PnAHx	0
... Curb Your Enthusiasm, Curiosity, Current Events, Customer Service, Cyber Bullying, D.b. Cooper, Dalai Lama,... http://t.co/kLDPMqK	0
s/o to @givethemthenuts for being a bully	1
people should stop bullying my asian boyfriend for being short.	1
@AgainstSuicide thanks(: tweet me saying stuff against bullying and how it should stop use #StopBullying at the end(:	0
@affers1178 interesting perspective. but he was a fairly notorious tabloid journalist, now a cyber-bully and a Gooner! :)	1
@lettev I applaud him for not being bullied by that prick. I'd be great, not an Ayrton wannabe that does nothing but sully that name.	0
In PLATINUM CLUB VIP, Grippin Our ALBUM, Standin Wit Bully From D BLOCK! http://t.co/GyjJrtl	0
I'm glad my mommy's not a bully towards me.	0
Bullying Victims Can Fight Back With Help From Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Royalty - http://t.co/5E1VEQr	0
#theawkwardmoment when you make a status on facebook saying you hate bullies then a bully likes it.	0
@YaGurlLikeItTho lmfao oh I dont kill those. I bully them!	1
The Eagles won't do shit tonight either. But I'm just a big bully.	1
Yo @SimplyyJayy is a big bully !	1
How do you let yo self yourself get bullied smh, stand up too em	0
Like haha bitch I get to walk and you have to drive! Since ima bully it'll make me feel better	1
you're a bully. in person and online. stop hating. seriously, it gets old.	1
#NEWMUSIC @RaspyRawls - BULLY'S #Indie #HipHop #Rap #Louisiana - http://t.co/UCCHh14	0
@jameswmk1 something bad as usual. I am just a dumb girl that get bully everytime.	1
How the Political Right Bullied the Department of Homeland Security Into Ignoring the Threat of Ri.. http://t.co/BDwJF8W	0
As Real As It Gets: Bullying Victims Can Fight Back With Help From Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Royalty http://t.co/Ncrr1S8	0
.@patrickjbutler  Yes, but @EricPickles shd be accountable for his bullying of councils - if his policies are inconsistent, he shd retract	1
Rebecca black was bullied too much and is now home schooled. At least she doesn't have to decide which seat to sit in to ride to school	1
Happy birthday to that bully , hoe , fake ass @JesterWester_ , i kind of love you sometimes :)	1
When the Bully yelled "Eat paste" AND you forgot to hear !	0
@JamesGweenwood shock youre bullying me again.	1
@MR_POPE35 now wat if i had low self esteem about my weight..yu culda just killed me bully	1
@neezy_05 CAN WE SAY UR A BULLY	0
Project Bully ALSATIAN SHEPHERD owners beware of Breed Specific Legislation: A lot of times the ALSATIAN SHEPHER... http://t.co/tG8xveu	0
@sugarshai no one is but i just hate seeing kids who don't do anything get bullied lol	0
@TeddyDuncan2 G; I dont know! All my life ive bullied cuzz im fat or ugly! I dont believe anyone now !	1
@ZendayaAgency o I'm sorry please don't call me a bully	1
@DamisolaA Wow!!! Now we are all crying 4 d "Virgin Bull"!	0
@luvsthejacksons If threatening to expose your harassment and cyber-bullying to your job is harassment...then (cont) http://t.co/aoOg1tT	0
Bully Mazzz	0
im not a bully ....	1
SqipChat* Stop The Bull  A Parent & Educators Guide to Cyber Bullying: Stop The Bull  A Parent & Educators Gui... http://t.co/hLtRJEC	0
I'm not against spanking a child, but if that's your only way to control a child's behavior, that makes you a bully.	0
@AnastasiaMuralt that's glad. mmm... i just wanna know what she think about bullying...	0
Learn how to Stop Cyber Bullying,biatch's: 1. Close your laptop 2. You Winning ;)	0
Jonas Brother star is being baby bullied: http://t.co/TzfJx2q	0
Now playing: Wooly Bully by Sam The Sham & The Pharaohs  #nowplaying	0
@jackbranagan me, James holmes, Andy. Sam and Lewis at bully field	0
So we have come to this as a society: MTV has a show called Bully Beatdown. #endtimes	0
@MarLenAllstar Me too! Ugh let's see what teacher we are going to bully this year lol ^.^?	0
@CoryMonteith I'm raising awareness for bullying please help me by retweeting. Thank you so much http://t.co/fxZNFyA xxx	0
@missredlate @aisyahturner @syaheerastellar @chloe_joyy @metalheadme07 @shaifulone all-light, we shall bully that Fillipino next time, k?	0
as quoted in the dark knight "some men can't be reasoned, bought or bullied, all they want to do is watch the world burn" #mentalwrecks	0
BULLY PREVENTION TIP - Walk away and get help.	0
As Real As It Gets: Bullying Victims Can Fight Back With Help From Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Royalty http://t.co/iisc47d	0
#STOPBULLYING bullying really needs to end	0
@bellathorne143  Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.	0
Rebecca Black Quits Middle School After Bullying	1
#selfhelp Bullies and Bullied: A Quick Help Book for Kids (Paperback) newly tagged "self-help":               B... http://t.co/7isIOp6	0
Tammy is a bully!!	1
And To Hate On Me For A Stupid Reason Well Your Really Low!! So Hope You Realize Your Wrong! And Who Every Was A Bully Is FAKE!	0
El Paso Anti- Bullying Coalition http://t.co/PxLBUy7	0
@MissTuveyy @VasAppeninBiebz Oh!  *Your* sister is the bully.  Okay, I finally understand it. haha ;D 	1
If her biggest fear is the bully on the play ground #shetoyoungforyoubro	0
@CartmansWife We will :) btw was the sad convo that u remembered we had 2day bout bullying?	0
Being bullied? Listen to Skyscraper by Demi Lovato. "Go on and try to tear me down, I will be rising from the ground like a skyscraper."	0
I think marlon bully me sia!  but heck care lah..2-11pm OT 1 hr! Hehe! 	1
Marc Maron "This Has To Be Funny" Review by Justin Pansacola on Culture Bully :: http://t.co/tWoRnfi	0
#contrarians Rhys Muldoon is a bit of a opinionated bully boy !	1
Rebecca Black dropped out of school because she was bullied. Woah.	1
@blueicefiesta when bullying and going to school which you HAVE to go to can be so horrendous	0
I'm far from a bully but I ain't no punk	1
SA should start a show like Bully Beatdown, but with taxi drivers. After their beatdown they apologise & hand over their fares for the month	0
@Jaime0211 This isn't a vacation Shelly! Like can she please play the game? Jeff was a total bully to Kalia.	1
@LenaBarbara does she bully you to?	1
Sandra Bullock & Ryan Reynolds: sources say not dating, like brother & sister: Rumors of them dating started soo... http://t.co/JcgGFKx	0
Watching An American Girl: Chrissa Stands Strong.  Great movie to watch with your younger daughter & talk about bullying.	0
Jedward Takes Stand Against Bullying In Powerful Campaign: A caption discouraging bullying and encouraging toler... http://bit.ly/mYCx1n	0
Apple accuses Motorola, Samsung of monopolizing markets with patents - http://t.co/NlLC1ke bullying not enough: adds hypocrisy	0
@MzLaina167: "@SuccessSeaker: My daughter is a bully"..yup she is lol..lol	1
MTV VMAs: Kevin Hart jokes he was bullied to host sans pay [Video]: 22, 2011 /PRNewswire http://t.co/VTWH25x	0
being bullied by my friends once again... being called a stuck up bitch is not fun. i gave y'all a second chance for nothing!	1
As Real As It Gets: Bullying Victims Can Fight Back With Help From Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Royalty http://t.co/hGgifhW	0
@Rstrums29 @dtf_fresh lol word livin it up u c we da only niggaz wit coats on u kno we was on da bully lol #FrenchClub days	0
He A Bully Towards The Pussy , He Beat It The Fck Up Lmfaoo	0
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.	0
If you give a bully your lunch money today, he'll beat you up, and take it tomorrow. Stop a bully: United strength stops abuse. (~NS)	0
@EndBullying2day Victims of bullying have no summer vacation. Thanks for spreading the word. Read the post http://t.co/FzmS2Z4	0
Kahlia is so easily bullied #cbsbigbrother	1
A bully van comes and see one black boy on the road hooded up (ME) and they reversed and kicked	0
@JAprincess_ i can't sleep lol how ima bully	1
Bring on the rubber bullets I say! The police barricade has been pushed back 100m to 10m. #luthulihouse	0
Your "idol" is against bullying/cyberbullying! Thats exactly what most of u are doin and 2 someone he cares about!	0
The ant bully sweeeeet!	0
@ChaTheWanted thanks xx :D believe it or not it's the main thing I've been bullied about in the past! Xxx	1
"Why Smart Kids get bullied", a perspective from the other side...the Bully: http://ow.ly/5ZiBg	0
Big Bully!  Today's Daily Human is the notorious Genghis Khan (d. 8/25/1227): ATH Features http://t.co/P5ayUEa #history	0
Bullying impacts on children's self esteem http://bit.ly/rmqUhI #bullying	0
My goodness this kids driving me crazy,I have a bully in a pamper over here and he don't play!! Lmbo @PaperBoi3297 come get your baby!! LOL	1
NJ BULLY  LAW:  Lunch-line aggressors can be reported to police by classmates through anonymous tips...:  The An... http://t.co/N8nuX3P	0
@Jewellerybygina @jinkksy online bulling is the worst	0
Bullying climates at schools may be linked with lower test scores http://lat.ms/pHEKDo	0
If you do it right, your kids will know the difference between "parenting" and "bulling".. That's whats missing in society.	0
@bellathorne143 #ifiwereu i would try to quit bullying too! :]	0
Rebecca Black Pulled From School Due to Bullying http://ow.ly/639fZ	0
@RogerTenard Smh.Stp Bullying Dem Niggas Bro.Lol	1
@Ar_daisy Bully!!!	1
watching bully beatdown	0
Dawww Sonikku is being bullied by Crabmeat XD http://t.co/viiupSF	0
RAWR. Still sad over the fact that seungie likes NOONA. WAEYO/// NOONA ONLY KNOWS HOW TO BULLY SEUNGIE ><	1
American Idol or American Bully?	0
Causally Locked In My Toliet... Cos' I'm Gettin' Bullied By Yats.! D  http://t.co/bCdS9Ea	0
Bully Offers Toronto Real Estate http://t.co/IlQRhVU	0
Did anyone else just see that..... Jesus is bullying me..... @_L_M_C_	1
@relishyourwit kk! but seriously, also consider cyber bully. it was cheesy, but emily was actually really good in it! you'd be proud	0
@blog44 How the Political Right Bullied the US Government Into Ignoring the Threat of Right-Wing Extremism: http://t.co/Ocz8HGJ	0
@bullyinguk Our work in schools focusses on working against all bullying ( esp. in regard to disability) www.elephant-in-the-room.co.uk	0
@misfithab tell my AAPL bull put spread that :-P	0
But if i was to bring a cd player on the bus i'd get bullied lol	0
@allstars_Mandoo I'm neither teasing or bulling you oppa ^^ princess fiona wouldn't do that! :D (aka me ^^) Lets go then ^^~	1
@EdAlvarezFight lol your welcome. When is your next non bully fight?	0
@FuckkeM I did not bully you.	1
Knocked Up News:  Pax Jolie-Pitt Has Become A Bully http://t.co/VUWb1Me	0
My 13 yr old cousins FB status were depressing. Iasked if she was ok.then if she was being bullied. she wrote back ONLY BY YOU AT THE MOMENT	1
if i was a bully an went to bully beat down when i come back i will still bully yhur ass	0
This show Bully Beatdown is kind of funny. #Hulu+	0
@RocksUrLife @keldaNOTzelda : wah. javan bully sick girl	0
On this WV Morning  "Total dissolved solids" in WV water; former Olympian Vicky Bullett; gay bashing, bullying in novel 7:30 on WV Pub Radio	0
@JaynePrior  Aw ... I never new he got bullied. Yeah I have no douts about his career either he is go talented he can act and sing...	1
Julia Gillard,  I Blame You For The Bullying Towards LGBTI People.  Sincerely, I'm Going To Quit School Again.	0
@BossLadyLish @tjet13 stop being a bully tjet	1
Bully beatdown	0
@joycheokk @Renonathan  @ivanleeyk haha!kidding!:P,we never bully one	1
I liked a @YouTube video http://t.co/nY1iw3q BULLY BEATDOWN: Sec9Gaming Edition (CYBORG vs D1ZZ)	0
Rebecca Black Quits Middle School After Bullying:   YouTube sensation Rebecca Black might have gone from anonym... http://t.co/iK0Fjg5	0
My sister is a bully...she had our dog in a full Nelson	1
@MissShareenN loool leave da kid alone u bully #SMH	1
@THR: .@MsRebeccaBlack Forced to Drop out of School Amid Bullying http://t.co/1hkWygn Say what you want, this is terrible.	0
just watched "Cyberbully" i have HUGE respect for @EmilyOsment now! she did a SPECTACULAR job! it really changed my perspective of bullying!	0
Smh ain't even gone reply to this madnesss acyber bullying!	1
@Suchafuqnstar haha same ! but im kinda proud of royce for standing up for herself cuhs i felt like they always tried to bully her . !	1
#Coppers is just legalised bullying and brutality....	0
but she a bully anyway so i have no worries they ain't fucking with johrielle that I promise	1
Wishing this girl would stop bullying/harassing me via twitter	1
@Victoria620_ Lmfao u know that's a lie fool xD i'm not a big bully let's not exaggerate haha	1
Aguero is getting bullied now, the honeymoon for him is over in premier league	1
Arshavins a little bully hahaa	1
@mattrox456 Matt, I nearly got taken away from my parents at 13, the bullying started at a very young age cause I was chubby and stuff	1
Is not we lame or childish such small things also want complain to oppa. But sorry I just can't stand it that you bullied my friend	1
Education Nation: Bullying | Turn to 10 http://t.co/sxTIWtp	0
@NerdieJoseph Make sure he's the bully in the neopet playground. B)	0
@Cbodacious15  is a bully:(	1
Cyber bullying: Out you go! | Malay Mail Online http://ow.ly/620rA	0
@RadiowaveFM I'm going to smack the bullies of course, bullying my kid(if i had one) is very personal	0
Little man starting a new daycare today so I played beans for him so he can be on his broad street bully shit #NCT	0
All gang up bully @YTTtian ><	0
#Pak foreign policy has been that of bully. Ironical to see it cry when other countries give it dose of policy which it liberally applies.	0
Fuck me Flights are expensive these days #Bulling	0
@Jbest0223 who we Internet bullying tonightttt #ALiENGANG	0
CHOCOLATE PLANTS R NOT SWEET/THEY BULLY & BROWBEAT/FOREIGN  STUDENTS R AT THE MERCY/OF THAT BITTER TYRANT,HERSHEY/HISSES/4 HERSHEY KISSES	0
@KingOfAnkh awww I feel like a bully now *pouts* @sarahransley	1
Cute!! Bully cat :-P keke  http://t.co/R4hCBEo	0
@SarahPaIinUSA the bible? The one with the angry bullying vengeful spiteful child hating woman hating and homophobic god? That bible?	0
@CherLloiyd Me haci bullying :c	0
Fourth Circuit Court Upholds School Discipline Of Student For Internet Bullying http://ht.ly/670ev #bullying #sm #schools	0
#ahoraveo. Bully beatdown !!	0
My best friend is such a bully):	1
Please rt (http://caltweet.com/sb5 ) - BEDROOM BULLY <-- RSVP HERE	0
@_kookooforkayla So is bully beatdown -.- lol	0
The more I think about it @samiahR_Griff bullied me!!	1
Whether life's disabilities left you outcast bullied or teased rejoice and love yourself today cause babyyy u where born this way!!!!	0
Great testimony to the Gracie Family. Bullying Victims Fight Back With Help From Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Royalty http://t.co/ITWOxi6	0
Bully beatdown got a girl bully this time.	0
#AskGreyson Purple Sky is amazing, did you write it to show your bullies how far you've came as well as for people suffering bullying?	1
I liked a @YouTube video http://t.co/gtYIRAo Bullying e Rodeios - #Vlog	0
Drunk girl, crying girl, fighting girl. #tequilaredbull	0
@alyxpleaden @Angry_Regard @AVFC_06 consider it revenge for the heartless twitter bullying :P	1
I'm not one for violence or reality tv. BUT, Bully Breakdown on MTV2 is very entertaining. Just sayin'	0
Am I crazy or does anyone else think that you probably shouldn't have heels like the Bellas at the "anti-bullying" rallies?	0
@emmaleezmolek lol yeah but i dont ever see u using it. U have to bully the shit out of kids until they dont show up the next day of school.	0
i dnt believe the rumors about will nd jada spiliting up. thats a bunch of bull.	0
Bullying linked to decreases in GPA, longer lasting negative psychological effects, and obesity. More evidence... http://t.co/UCdxYcj	0
Sheesh. River is such the little bully. Poor Fray. #felinedrama	1
HBR.org: Identify and Stop Workplace Bullying http://t.co/5gV05em	0
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithHoes cyber hoe (cyber bully)	0
I got asked if my school days were like Inbetweeners. I said no bullied for five years and couldn't wait to walk out the fucking door.	1
Popeater  Seth Matlins: The Self Esteem Act: It's Time to Confront the Bully That Is Our Beauty Culture http://q.gs/LaKd	0
Why Is People Bullying @NolanMurray , Y'all Need Fuck Off !	1
@stevie_reed your just bullying me, you love me so..	1
Sofro bullying	0
@__alexithymia who's the kid?! I'm the kid bully hahahaha	1
@ToadonaWire The bully scenario was during the discussion of world dictators. Your protection at our borders is one option. Realistic?	0
@Nevie_Nevada r u ready for High School?? d way i'll make dem bully u erh. Muahahaha!!	0
Thats bullying unghh!	0
Michael Jordan was an adult bully, herbing grown man on the basketball court all day long!   -The Best Ever-	1
Rebecca black getting homeschooled because of bullying? Wow. yes her friday song is annoying but death threats to 14 yr olds really? #lame	1
@huixiangSIM not forgetting hUixiang too!!! Yay!!! Never bully @Hamszerisme  ah. Can't wait to sayang her instead la	0
Working with Young People Who Are Bullied: Tips for Mental Health Professionals http://t.co/dSDKlwk	0
@justinbieber plz follow us back, u helped Maja through the hard times in her life.. like bullying, and cutting. read her story in our bio10	1
Not much time left to school starts. TAKE the time now and talk to your kids about bullying, what to do or not do. http://t.co/aStc19d	0
"except I'm not bullied because I like boys" #glee @emdawgg	0
@_alianicole i kno a play where u i was always the bully n champion !!  ooowwwww	0
Bullying NEEDS stop! #StopBullying	0
  Rebecca Black Leaves School Due to Bullying http://bit.ly/pm4ZBB	0
I love Tami but she's getting a little too childish.. Seems like a bully now..	1
They bully me	1
@velourvelvet I'm pretty bothered by it too. I'm also bothered by the fact that Draco Malfoy is bullying apes in the movie too, wtf?	0
@MileyCyrus twitter is bullying you! You should do something! We cant trend #MileyCyrus !	1
@yeenboutthtlife lmao..you are a low-key bully	1
I have a sad story.Today I was having a conversation with this 15 year old boy who told me he gets bullied in school and kids tell him he...	1
@Umshafi okay. This is cyber bullying. I will report u to twitter! Haha he's a grafter, I'm more the brains 8-) okay, don't publicise it! x	1
New article: Twilight producers deny bullying twilight fan read more http://is.gd/Q97pxO	0
@_PaaoDoce Bullying no twitter :o	0
bully paws needs help covering vet costs for poor bootsie. she lost her pups due to complications during birth. http://t.co/tjcRlRi	0
@NezziiATL :( y u bully me so? You should come look after me ;)	1
@Lbbbxx @bbborrreddd But 00 bully me! So equals to you also bully me! Togetherness yknow!!	1
I hate waking up to bullshit text.. what happen to tryna sweet talk a chick into liking you ... Niggss tryna Bully a bitch now days	0
I used to bully @ThatKidSonya so much in class lmfao she kept me laughing for dayssss !	1
@louloubell1985 try telling parent and gparents that. Some of it is shameless and amounts to bullying. How great were their grades tho? X	0
I'm going to cut your steak......... Unevenly! #bullying	0
@_EmWhyAyee "Im a Bully..." Not cool!	1
Gay Teens Sue Minnesota School District over BullyingPolicy http://t.co/HxPqaAZ via @TIMENewsFeed	0
@DemiIsUnbroken_ TROL IS BULLYING ME??! well, not really bullying she is just calling me a bitch :o ;D but its nothing bad, i can handle her	0
Don't confuse the purpose of testing vs. student learning. Julia Steiny: Punitive Testing is Educational Bullying http://t.co/hiEvhiq	0
I can't stand a bully. Miserable bastards.	0
Suicide is the 3rd leading cause of death of kids our age. Stop bullying & judging. Love everyone & you will learn to love yourself.	0
God forbid, but if CCTV was in your firm, would 'Big Brother' see staff acknowledged/appreciated or intimidated/bullied? #bullying	0
If you fear your child is being bullied, this book might make a difference and change everything. http://t.co/v43vInw	0
i just WISH a Lion would burst into this office and then i tamed the Lion and then rode it, and everyone would cheer and stop bullying me.	1
@jaetong bully at least no torture yet =3 unlike... Tsk tsk. @livingdeadbunny	0
Every 7 seconds a child is bullied, humiliated or neglected. The time it took yu to read this is one child right there. Make it better. #bap	0
@AKidCalledDrew cyber bully you? want me to do it in person then? mm. try tomz and see if im nicer! ;)	1
@Niketa: You might be interested in this pledge for online videos: http://t.co/liHRQ7u & my blog on cyber-bullying http://t.co/pGFMhbY	0
http://t.co/gGq1a5v ITS GOIN DWN "BEDROOM BULLY" STYLE #AUG20THCLUBGRAVITY ER'1 FREE B4 12AM $10 ADV TIXX MUSIC BY POWER 105's OWN @DJNorie	0
cousin, a straight A student, bullied into suicide and my eyes start tearing up knowing I'll never see him again.	1
@IzzyLloydCarter LOOL! Bullying? You? Nahhh never thaaaat *hugs*	1
@heeberstein omg lol, ur the ultimate bully! WHATASTACKALACKALACK	1
@cthrasherz you know what!? im reporting you!! #bully XD	1
My man @LMRBRWN just said "stop bullying children". Dead.	0
#schools Students CAN get it in their Hearts & Minds that Bullying is wrong..Reach, Help, Teach, Empower #moms #twitterdads #parenting	0
Preparing your child for school bullies http://cot.ag/oErG5t #bullying #cyerbullying #parenting	0
@sarahhamill_  cuz they get bullied more than me and i dont think its right1 so we r rebelling against those 'popular kids'	1
@DonyaFox i think you're beautiful, and who ever is bullying you, is just jealous of how your life is turning out great :)	1
@AustinMahone #dontbescared of bully's if they bully you then ur obviously doing something right:)	0
@heyitslizi yooo, im being bullied ! lol	1
Expected & unsurprising that Gov. Perry can bully a student questioner and have it ignored, yet press still jonesin' for "angry Black Prez."	1
Check out resources from YWVCA's Family Violence Prevention Project. Info on bullying & teen dating violence prevention http://ow.ly/66Or6	0
"Starve a bully, feed your soul.. STAND #GRAND!" This isn't just a quote, but a way of life.. (: Thanks @VinCastronovo <3	0
I'm bout to spark my j fuck crying I'm over the bull shit	0
@chrisjballard @hullbird haha, big parka on with the bully handle on top of the fur lined hood...	0
@KiidSMASHH your a bully to me :c ;b	1
Cynthia I Was Tryna Give You Some Play But You Was Bulling.	0
@MacMiller no worries. no body cares about what who dude said. bully.	0
Bully Beatdown	0
I remember being bullied and I wont let it get me down first because ima be big one day and they will watch while I do	1
DOJ alert: Bullying epidemic spreads to #cat world: http://t.co/pPz5k8m	0
Rebecca Black drops out of high school b/c of bullying. #lordylordy http://read.bi/qm3EQ4	1
"@QuotesForGirlz: stop fucking bullying. #NOH8 every girls should see this---> http://t.co/DHaFjfP"	0
- The Great Earnings Yield Spread Divergence: The Bullish Case http://t.co/IPMFRjh	0
Rebecca Black Left School Because of Bullying:                 by Billboard Staff | August 11, 2011 9:33 EDT You... http://bit.ly/p9WGvX	0
Check this video out -- Jessica Jarrell Bullying http://t.co/4YUsBb2 via @youtube .	0
My VIV moment - an article on my anti-bully efforts. Please read and share! http://t.co/v3m8gpc /via @wordpressdotcom	0
is a glockenspiel player, a bottle with a message, a bunch of fish, an average father, a wave, a bully, a thirsty applhttp://t.co/CiJm0SZ	1
There's never a wrong time to talk about bullying. The more we talk, the more we can work to put a stop to it. http://t.co/TWUmxr2	0
SO NOW IM A CYBER BULLY?! THANKS ASH! THANKS SO MUCH! YOU JUST MADE ME FEEL A WHOLE LOT BETTER!	1
Reblog if you are against bullying -  this must have more notes http://t.co/akcxkAg	0
@Trevaun_S this kids a boss. I'll bully u if I feel like it. as a boss I can do #whateverilike but I won't bully @Erica_Ballott shes cool :P	1
@KMFMelvin @kerryyyyyyyyy @jolenees why exactly do u have his slipper o.o U bully ppl till take their slipper o.o	1
@Solid_Dutchess @Da7thSavage @LoV3Ly3Yanya @TweetMe2Morraw man im fina get bullied the whole way there!!! Lol	1
Gearing up for school?! Add our new book, "Transforming School Climate and Learning; Beyond Bullying and... http://t.co/CH20g3k	0
@superdanv88 Trying to bully users into buying on Vizlar is abusive! ;)	1
Read my response to "Pass this on to ask your followers if you believe bullying is wrong. If not, then I feel sorr": http://t.co/9Fkixv0	0
@Megan_BelleAmie yeah!:) esther and soph were bullying me but its all good;) wish you could have too! We're seeing them thursday though :D 	1
@CherryXMe fine! But can I please ask u and @grreeey to stop bullying me?! Ha! @dearnamay	1
@SayAnythingxo haha im against bullying.... people have enough problems without it.. but sometimes u need to put your two cents in no need	0
if I was those babies id fuck angelica up . shes a bully !	1
Best Bully Sticks Spotlight on a Breed: We Honor Maddie the American Eskimo: We always love getting emails from ... http://bit.ly/rlUS4m	0
Bullying http://t.co/sbHjDUt via @youtube	0
News: 2011 Hibiscus Festival to highlight bullying: Physical and sexual abuse along with bullying in s... http://t.co/mTUkpkT #vodafone	0
Happy Birthday Bully @itschrisbro_ :) .	1
Bulling has to stop >-----< it start wit u and u and i mean u ------>	0
A bullied kid "so imma dust my shirt and pull my pants coz I better look good if this my chance" #JobsDrakeHadBeforeBecomingARapper	1
Dharun Ravi wants the #TylerClementi case to be dismissed. http://t.co/2bleh1v #LGBT #Bullying #HateCrime	0
Only primary 2 only come here and bully people. Act like a demure, obedient girl. Grow up sure jialat	1
#OnlyRealJamaicans eat "bully beef" outside fi avoid di gingi fly dem frm entering dem house	0
21-Day Put/Call/Bull-Bear Spread...Short-Term Rally...... http://t.co/GtUE7Wp	0
How to Prevent Bullying, Cyber Threats: School is back in session soon, and some kids are not looking forward to... http://t.co/SJa7ENH	0
@toriwillkillu  dont bully my bf...	1
@runlolarun I just get why 1 sort of bullying should be prioritized. Should the Mets only support 1 type of disease based charity too?	0
@JakethebakerBB I said because he was bullied but he was bullied after he started cutting himself of that reason whic I will only say in dm	1
INTRODUCING ME I love @justinbieber and @JackVidgen I am pretty average. I got bullied when I was younger but I'm usually happy well i try..	1
Every time I go into my inventory it seems I have under 20 bullets total spread across 4 guns. #DXHR	0
Bully-Ridden Schools Have Lower Test Scores: Bullying in hallways and locker rooms is linked to lower test score... http://bit.ly/mYYSio	0
How being bullied can damage your confidence http://dld.bz/5U8W	0
@beetssyy ayy no its not bully! :p	0
This is what happens when you bully me... #karma http://yfrog.com/gybqalatj	1
#ebz Oh gather round me bully boys  And I'll zing you a zong  Of the windless waveless sunless Ze... http://t.co/QPBZkdB	0
YO BD IS A BULLY..LOL	1
New Jersey Schools to have US toughest anti-bullying laws - 18 pages of requirements, and league tables : http://t.co/MAdEo9b #edchat #edlaw	0
Been watching bully beatdown allday. lol	0
"I want to help with bullying because there are girls who cant just up and home-school and focus on their career." - Demi.	0
Nuff Bully Vans On Mare Street Strip! ...	0
#digitalmusic Rebecca Black Quits Middle School After Bullying (Mashable) http://t.co/PZAcocf	0
Check out Blood and Lace. "@AwesomeBMovies_: Wes Craven named Freddy Krueger after a boy who bullied him in school. #FilmFacts #Horror"	0
@ArrghPaine For what causes? "Tell them to compromise"? We clearly have different definitions of the bully pulpit. :-)	0
Justin Bieber has been a victim of cyber bullying.	1
As Real As It Gets: Bullying Victims Can Fight Back With Help From Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Royalty http://t.co/sl71Cnx	0
@RavenDelMuerto about u being bullied: WHOS DOING IT??!! I WILL KICK THEIR ASSES WITH MY EMO BOOTZ! >:P ur my gothic sister<3	1
I haven't done anything bad!:p @isabelmariee, karma will hunt YOU, for been a bully	1
apparently I'm a lil bully	1
I've never seen a bully take someone's lunch money like in the old movies and television shows!	0
#ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy don't bully the socially awkward kids, trust me his bullying comes with a few bullet shells .	0
@Siriusjay Great Job not backing down to a 50 year old bully! He came across as vain,small, egomaniacal and thin skinned. Kudos.	1
@DarkAngelD I got picked on in HS. People will bully others for absolutely any reason!	1
Rebecca Black Leaves School After Bullying: 'Friday' sensation will now be home-schooled by her http://goo.gl/o48Im	0
I TELL YOU WHAT LET NIGGAS GET ON THEY BULLY & IT INCLUDE ME ..	0
@glaad your bullying apologize is not going to make me like you. I like my gay friends for who they are. Not because you make me. #fuckglaad	1
@L_Jiawei WTF? Where got pole name like that one? No la,you don't anyhow thing. That day all bully one handicap. Noob	1
#Bullies When Bullies Attack What does your child do when every http://t.co/rvbV5NG	0
Sir Alex Fergusons men used to bully Wengers physically; now they bully them with the ball - @henrywinter	1
#nw bully beatdown !	0
No to Bullying at GB! http://youtu.be/wY7Gvq0P4hc http://fb.me/18v13yW9d	0
Bullying Chinese editorial certain to start off relationship with new Japanese PM Noda on wrong foot.   http://j.mp/ofE4hk	0
@levonsixD I did ' I was like omg lev is lifesize there ;) jokes I am sorry for all the bullying of you I am doing today....	1
Y @RickeySmiley going in on Tami  bulling Meeka lmaooooo	1
@its_GB_hoe do u know any body that would want a american bully? He's well trained.	0
@LoccDogg first I aint big for no reason. Second I don't bully no body Third I beat ass cause I know how 2 fight ... http://t.co/3BeGZiX	1
@canofwormstv #canofbullies Educating children to see bullying as pathetic would help. Kids bully from having low self esteem.	0
See the girl with alot of makeup? She wears it because she gets bullied & wants to feel beautiful.	1
Check this video out -- Hey Fox News -Stop Bullying Kids http://t.co/5To4z4M via @youtube	0
@BenWiseMelb @mickmalthouse has enough on his plate than to be bullied in to solving the ills of the world.	0
Selena Gomez was on barney? And got bullied about it? Then cried when she was kicked off? Then did commercials? #didntknowthat	1
@botdfmusic i need adivce.i have started 2 let the inner me come out& b/c of this i get bullied& shit. What should i do about the bullying?	1
#Bullying Subscribe to my free self-defense bully blog Rss Feed http://t.co/pTQ5CsX	0
Hahaha rebecca black's been pulled out of school due to bullying, she said 'kids walk past me and sing friday in a really nasally voice' Lol	1
Cyber bullying almost makes no sense 2 me. If you dont like something press the X button, delete your account, live life. Nothing 2 die from	0
3 Bully 3 French 3 Milky 3 Fibbz 3 Asbo 3 Y.Slice #FreedomsAMust!!	0
@mitchpargeter bully + being my bitch = 37 followers oooooooh;) <3	1
@KMaddock_ I think KMaddock you 'may' feel you have  been bullied and are preferring attention of this sooner than going to a court	1
He's perfect with a frown  The bully always wins	0
Slumb Bully	0
@henrywinter Yeh but you got bullied at school you fucking rent boy.	1
#LISTEN Ca$h Feat. DanMan Tha Bully - "Throw It Up" - http://twitrax.com/s/omehf4	0
ARE YOU IN A BAD JOB SITUATION WITH BULLY C0-WORKERS? http://t.co/RlBQqPf	0
Just gave a shit about bullying. Give a Shit at http://t.co/gnh8nUo #giveashit	0
@Niishmaxoxo @Maverick_E @Zak_f @Element_AA @MissFeema bullied? We treated u like a princess lool u should be grateful	1
#Rejectedkidsbooks The idiot's guide to bullying	0
Hey @ATT @TheJusticeDept thinks your a BIG Bully too! No more suffering for our fellow Americans! http://t.co/OEqYN6b	0
Don't get bullied, add codes. 13 new codes found.	0
.@a_picazo you are participating in the libel by baselessly claiming @shoq is a bully.  again, i caution you to watch what you say. #p2	1
Cyber bullying cases growing with new technologies - ABC Online http://t.co/7s790OT #family	0
I miss her bullying me o_0 is that odd ? lol .	1
BEAT DOWN THAT BULLY FROM HIGH SCHOOL, THROW YOUR DRINK ON A PLASTIC GOSSIPING BITCH, EGG THAT ONE EVIL TEACHER'S HOUSE. TAKE IT BACK!!	0
@MagooTora School is GREAT (Hawk teachers keepin dat bully away and all) I couldn't ever be mad at you, so other.	1
@EPIPHANYRENEE Lol let's not get grand u fall in a plethora of categories 2 many 2 name lol petty,stubborn,bossy & a bully just 2 name a few	1
@JeffCastroGomez lmao you so dumb :') . I'm no bully !	1
GLittle just kicked another one into the stands.....Touchdown...#ImBullcityEvenWhenImInTheLeague!!!Leggo	0
@DeekHade don't bully me ar! Haha 	1
Check this video out -- Pretty Boy Floyd Bully Pitbull http://t.co/wJD5Lg5 via @youtube	0
@Cath_Mayoevans @julesrisk63 u virtual bully making her hit me lol	1
High achieving #Latinos who don't conform to stereotypes are vulnerable to the effect #bullying has on grades.  http://t.co/vqbp1cX	0
Lutherans Vow to Prevent #Bullying http://t.co/hXtkB2H via @glaad Will @UsSenBrown stand up too? http://t.co/XycnXfw	0
Ew I come back and everyone is hating on @gagaglobal for one small mistake...Stop bullying Monsters! Please enough drama on here already.	1
@_Vanna817 who bullying u	1
#oomf dog got upset when I left, only cause another #oomf was being a bully to him :(	1
MTV VMAs: Kevin Hart jokes he was bullied to host sans pay [Video] http://t.co/p6gmXNT	0
Raiders coach Hue Jackson Building a Bully? http://t.co/A7vQFtx via @sfgate	0
If you bully others,then you don't love yourself !!-Mrs.Manwell!! #itsthedangtruth	0
@QueenOf_Pluto Yea U right lemme stop being a bully lol...	1
@CountyClare7 @rolo_the_cat  Very wise words. Rolo is lovely. Let's get Rolo back & stamp out Twitter bullying. We  Rolo.	0
@ShannonFowler_ I'm good... how are you? Doesn't it feel nice to not bully me? :)	1
Bullying Should Not Be Part of Back-to-School: It's the start of the school year and for most kids this brings a... http://t.co/ekIoyIe	0
@STFUimTweetinHO lol Oo an I'm the bully	1
@PeiMMun94 @wwliew94 no la..juz dun wan bully her...see she dissapear again....	0
They didn't bully you because you were a gypsy it was because you're ugly #BFGW	1
@SiR_MiNaJ ahaha! u call this bullying... no DUMMIE your the 4 yo, because your ignorant - look it up ;)	1
@ShaneAwesome @DiCosmo609 @Resa_Resa23 @Blu_Berriii lmao see what I mean.. Lol bully beef	0
Getting bullied by 12 year olds...	1
I realized he gets bullied... that's just more of a reason for him to be my friend <3	1
I cannot WAIT to watch Rachel and Jordan walk out that door. Jeff was a bully and deserved to go home. What a pathetic season.	1
Retweet if you're 100% against bullying. If you retweet this, you're an inspiration to me. <3	0
Great news for England cricket,biggest compliment is that they remind me of Aus at their peak,all round class n totally dominate n bully	0
#np WAIST AND POWER........... i just luv this track... ku33333 i get POWEr call me ECG.... bedroom bully i know u see me..#refix lmao	0
@VivaLaCB adele, pitbull, rumor to be jay and kanye, lil wayne, rumor to be drake, lady gaga is the opener	0
According to Peter Griffin there are two type's of people: Bullies and nerds. I'm a bully. Fuck nerds.	1
@Chlowweee nvr bully its for your own good	0
@PerezHilton as an anti-bullying advocate I'm surprised you support #pumpedupkicks. Are shootings really the way to get back at bullies?	0
@bellathorne143 u never noticed me or my tweets against i being bullied	1
@R3al3stOf_emAll that's gay chill with that before I have to bully you....	0
#TNARIGHTNOW >  6 Man Anything goes Bound For Glory Series Match >  AJ Styles & Beer Money Vs. Bully Ray & Scott Steiner & Gunner	0
Reblog if you are against bullying -  this must have more notes http://t.co/qSGPUwK	0
Q: Remember how you always bullied me in primary? Are you A: Lmaooo Bully? Me? Hehe uzo shayiwa wumphakathi yaz   http://t.co/NWY9bX6	0
@jSoMsIhTuHa I am no bully!	1
@katiestars Bullying the opposition is what NY fans do, unfortunately...	1
I get along with all the pretty confident girls we on the same wavelength...its those fuggin Shrek looking Bishes that try to bully me lol	1
hates intolerance, ignorance & bullying...	0
#Education When Bullies Attack Self-Defense Book for Kids with Optional Video http://t.co/jlJ6fps	0
@MzLoveNSN3D aww i get bullied to!	1
@HPcuriosidades harry sofrendo bullying no teu wallpaper	0
accommodation lodge . http://t.co/vwAGLmI Staring down the bully-boys	0
Happy to announce my daughter didnt get starred down by the big bully at the bus stop today. Glad I didnt have to whoop her ass! #goodday!!	0
@N3rdtacular @neurogoddess @ScrappyNatalie @kcampbellicious was Jeff this bad of a Bully on Season 11 #SoOverJeffBB13	1
@Arngrim OMG! That's Messed UP!! Although not on that scale I DO know what it's like to have the teacher take the side of the bully over me.	1
I'm such a bully .. *	1
America must lead responsibly. Therefore, American political class must not comprise just the angry, the bully, the arrogant, or the fool.	0
"I'm a bully wit the bucks Don't let the patent leather shoes fool u young'un I got the fully in the tux"	0
People Really Get Bullied All Youu Gotta Do is Take up For Yourself Rs	0
@AGreeneAMB Wassup BULLY!!! lol	1
@KASmua right! I had a very cruel little boy who went way beyond bullying me in the 3rd grade & no one would help me!	1
Lmbo! At Tom Joyner talking bout BBW  called Tammy the Big Red Bully.	1
I'm not a man, only know how to bully people :(	1
Minnesota gay teens bullied by adults, peers, say activists - Reuters http://t.co/EG3ZFHL	0
@MelissaRyan Look at what DC Public Schools are doing for bullying LGBT students now that @m_rhee is gone. http://t.co/ZegLmS7	0
bullying is not ok one of my friends just killed himself becuase of all of these bullies r.i.p chris :( u will be missed	1
NJ schools prepare to implement bullying law  Download Free EBook	0
@Nike_Kidd lmao nha even when im nic you till a bully	0
"I hope you get bullied so much you die!" - @shhhhlerae	0
Member all those nerdy kids that you bullied in grade school? They are the exact same people you'll be working for	0
@ariellemimi back to cyber-bullying.	0
@StopBullying Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke	0
@RafayAgha I don't like people being bullied. I am the voice for the voiceless.	0
It's easy to bully, but the really strong help others. #AGAINSTBULLYING	0
@YoungGrill: @BFLYDIEHARD @preciselikex bully,& X.  On a weekend get away http://t.co/ONnNRkc http://t.co/yD9db0f lmao, we on the rise b	0
@chill_yo808 lmao yoo yu was suppose to be here to help me bully them	0
@heethighs why is stephanie bullying you :( she's such meanface	1
6th grader:"What do U do w/these girls who think they're better than everyone?" My reply @ Education.com http://t.co/wF6yWUL #bullying	0
Bullying Law Puts New Jersey Schools on Spot: http://t.co/UwtK6mz	0
@SwagWhite well, that comment was not bullying. If I say fat people need to lose weight so they can be healthy it's a matter of fact.	1
70. I used to be bullied badly at school #100factsaboutme	1
Just watched Big Brother don't know why ... Jeff is a asshole bully and @CBS #BB13 isn't worth watching they've ruined BB & Jordan is stupid	1
Does anyone give a toss that Cesc has joined the bully boys of Barca?	0
@MINDofAyMANIAC Cause your a bully .	1
@MindlessBhavior Please Make A Diffrence And Follow @StopTeenBully Please!!! Make  A Diffrence Spread The Word Not Your Fist	0
If Jesus was alive now he'd be bullied for being a geek...	0
@MicPye Studio with it!!! "Return of Da Bully" droppin September 20th!!! #Newz	0
@Assssstherz bullying me now	1
@Kdot_Slew2k11 You bully me .	1
Dear haters, you aint funny you are just a hater/bully so shut the fuck up and go to hell.	0
@NabihaMeher The idea of tolerance is long gone.. the new idea is if u want somthing take it.. even if u have to bully ppl  @Mahamali05	0
@MrsRIGHT0717  yiu was out dere to so so r u BULLY	0
@DanielleBaiz be nice to your younger brother! no bullying!	1
@angels510 @haldockins got to bully other attorneys for 7 years!! Gotta love that	1
@fleenewbery Yeah but let's say when he was younger than 11, before he attained powers, he was bullied. Then had revenge, thus being feared.	0
@munasmiley LOL i did but turns out it was alll a missunderstanding  guesss;) and yes maaam you did, all that bullying toughend me up;) <333	1
How to Prevent Bullying in Jackson Schools | Jackson NJ Regional News  Toms River, Brick, Howell, New Egypt, Lakewood: http://t.co/flacTTx	0
Bulling ftw!!  http://t.co/8rS2Yq7	0
I feel like internet bullying via twitter...point em out	0
New Ways to Track Your Kids Online: Web programs and apps alert parents to sexting, bullying and other problems.  http://t.co/N3x6PtP	0
I guess just getting bashed on and bullied since January has made me an insecure, low self esteemed, low confidenced, drag.	1
how u rappin over the internet? hahaha cyber bully ima call silence hurts on yo ass	0
I be watchin these videos where niggas be bullying ppl, shit makes me mad as fuck, why cant a nigga ever try me like that?	1
I feel sorry for Rebecca Black, not even she deserves to be bullied.	1
Kids who bully are more likely to get into fights, vandalize property & drop out of school. School violence prev info @ http://t.co/WgKBMw7	0
#Koscielny off which #LiverpoolFC have to take advantage of. 2 rookies in this #Arsenal back 4 and Carroll needs to bully them	0
um nickin minaj, when are you going to stop bullying lil kim? it's not nice you know...	1
@dahyun_kyuhyun it was embarrassing tho cause my bro's friends are over :S T_T i wont bully kyuhyun anymore! wait i will but only for tomo!	1
The bully the GOP has been waiting for  http://t.co/zBPCoQv  #PointyBoots  #4jobs #2futures #youcut #p2 #tcot	0
@CherisCheris @teb2350 @jillzarinsux that was my cyber bully.	1
@rickhenrique Bullying forte	0
RSVP HERE --> (http://t.co/dwtY0Xf ) - BEDROOM BULLY ReTweet Please	0
@Buster_ESPN The Bosox are either trying to bully the Yanks, or they're a little uptight.	0
Hey kids!! Being bullied on the playground? Stop the torment right now by learning how to screech like a pterodactyl!!!	0
Tearra need to stop being a bully!	1
Haha! Daisy Masticates! - A schoolyard cow bully, picking on another cow, named Daisy.	0
#beyondscaredstraight is cracking me up... There making bullies and thugs not be bad by bullying them and scaring them? Ha	1
A question on homophobic and transphobic bullying, and the PMB bill on transgendered protection, which died on the Order Paper. #hw	0
Bully Beatdown!	0
Rebecca Black Drops Out of School Due to Bullying:   ... http://t.co/zTL57N6	0
Want to Reduce Bullying? (Things You Should Know) - Secretary Duncan announced a few days ago that government offici... http://t.co/cM0nqrf	0
@Wakanabot Are you bullying me? Q_Q	1
@xroxxi cant hardly remember anything lol, u goin out on monday? I have ben bullied into it! Haha Xx	1
CouponCodes - Bully: Scholarship Edition xbox 360 http://t.co/6uRBJ1x target	0
Study finds that teachers experience cyberbullying, too http://t.co/sM1Y9dA I wonder if NJ's new bullying policy cover this	0
Photoset:  hes sensitive, people bully him, too, and he feels lonely and hasnt got anybody to talk to,... http://tumblr.com/xol3yllsne	0
WOW. This is a joke. "No submission is unposted" even if it's complete cyber-bullying? Haha alright.	0
cold is bullying against single people	0
@louisejones_x oh no have they (don't know who they are) been doing racial bullying and eating other people's rations already?!	0
@smoshanthony If you were invisible and you saw the bully at your old high school, what would you do? #lunchtime	0
I agree dt Rebecca blacks songs are kinda bad, bt it's so mean dt she was bullied outta school! NOH8 people! NOH8!	1
Don't run on a bully or ave . You Gonna get tired	0
Cyber bullying: Out you go! | Malay Mail Online http://bit.ly/nsYk0v	0
If School Bully takes 50% of your lunch money you start hiding some in you shoe... US Tax Policy is the Bully...off-shore accts the shoe	0
Bully beatdown how bout that	0
@ThaArsonist leave that little person alone....bully a different midget like @shybutpopular lol	1
Big Education Ape: End Homophobic Bullying? Michelle Rhee Speaks at Church Conference Despite Anti-Gay Allegations - http://t.co/XHVk7jw	0
Dnt be a #cyberbully Or a real #bully in life Karma is horrible! - #HappilyMe	0
So Rebecca Black was bullied so much she had to drop out of middle school and become home-schooled instead.......	1
DC is a big bully: http://t.co/GUyMQX8	0
@cindylively @janiceclarissa @viantrisaputri bullying cindy,start,NOW!	0
Justin: don't fucking bully people!	1
i find it funny that rebecca black complains about bullying yet released that stupid song KNOWING people would do nothing make fun of her	1
@pedrophbs cyber bully	1
Far from a bully but i ain't a punk	1
Karl to Ricky; "It did feel like bullying when you hit me on the head with your mobile phone to see what sound it made" #AnIdiotAbroad2	0
@mslatoya_G @mrguestlist I'm not a bully. I just say what most people won't because they are losers	1
MT @tlanehudson If @m_rhee puts StudentsFirst, she must help stop bullying! 5yrs ago told SteinClub it wasnt important http://t.co/74liIdR	0
@datyellaboi10 Cyber bully? LOL I'm not no damn bully. . .	1
there isn't much tv better than bully beatdown	0
@BigBro_TEAMDANI Brendon is far more of a bully, imo	1
Girlfriend bullied me the whole day.	1
Jeff-you got done in by same shit that got ya last time.Hiding in the HOH-Acting like an arrogant bully & generally being clueless. #bb13	1
I liked a @YouTube video http://t.co/mma4IfF Fred Gets Bullied	0
#moms #dads  KEY word about #School Bullying Awareness, Prevention? INVOLVEMENT> worth it to address the issue. #parenting #bullying #teach	0
@intifada When bullying descends to these depths you know that evil exists in Zionist Israel	0
Today, 17 teens will take their own lives due to bullying. -  Reblog if you care.   []   Always.   If... http://t.co/xICneN3	0
#NEWMUSIC SoufSide Shawt - Bedroom Bully ft. Jay Phean and Mr.Montgemory - http://t.co/2xnQJ45	0
@tommyjaysmith name in, you answer me even that was a portuguese tweet!! THAT'S BULLYING my english sucks I know...	1
@kelly_o_b god I hope so!... His a vile person! What a nasty Bully	1
WARNING -----> @IllPlzYourWeave is a big ass (cyber)bully, do not follow him #ThatIsAll	1
We would like everyone that took pictures of Bully Ball to become temporary administrators so you can upload... http://t.co/47wqIvz	0
"@liveyourdREEMs_: @pellenino @letsgetit_Nas smh yall some bully's"#imdonetho	1
@MissBhumika it aint that time diked! Go get bullied by your little brother	0
I'm glad I'm not playing at TE the first game. I'm playing LG. Imma be bullying them boys around	0
Media Availability: Experts on Bullying and Suicide of LGBT Youth Available for Interview |cam nude web|: Washin... http://t.co/JgUzOvU	0
US Now Trying to Bully #WikiLeaks for #Assange Info With Patriot Act http://t.co/ageZWsT	0
Some HITECHWatch: "Policymaking and the bully pulpit" http://ow.ly/6gInI	0
Bold, Stand, Strength, the issue of BULLYING.. #school & other..Truth & some inspiration #moms #kids #teach.. http://t.co/53rErJy. #dads	0
@djtop10 Brahma bully season Tenny	0
@BethPriceBish sammy kinda got bullied today:L ahaha!	1
The Mouthy Housewives are on Blogher. What do you think, would you save your kid from a bully or let them work it out? http://ow.ly/6ea6g	0
@Official_Reaper sorrrrryyy :( I did offer :P awh I'm sure you're bullying someone! :P x	1
#np Anti-Bully Zone by @charleshamilton.....one of my favorite beats/songs CH has ever done. so fucking deep.	0
28 FOOT GREEN BULLY EXTENSIONER LADDER (Jackson) - $150  http://tinyurl.com/3czh74o	0
#np "Big Bully" - Lloyd Bank$	0
@liammckenna1 he isnt! he likes Jedward and darryn clearly hates them + is bullying towards them!	1
http://t.co/xMP08vO spread the word (: Stop bullying...MY STORY...and advice (:	0
Haha ily "Smexy Lexi" (: haha Nickname that Jake & Noah made up for her... <3 & mine is "Ally The Bully?" there nice haha -Alyssa...	0
Labor keen on bullying NT families not helping them ... Mills	0
I never had a bully though, smh #Tae	0
The Bullying Ends Now http://t.co/2UQ7KLx	0
First Lady Michelle Obama discusses Americas culture of bullying http://t.co/yAR9459 via @lgbtqnation	0
i want to be bullied	0
My boyfriend is bullying me...  @TonyFlo7	1
@JAELYNNSMOMMEE well I'll be. She a lil bully huh	1
Bullying Affects a Quarter of High Schools Students http://t.co/ljpIOVG #bullying #cyberbullying	0
Secret's Anti-Bullying Campaign Grows Facebook Likes More Than Ever: http://t.co/o6BFgKz	0
LIKE IM NOT DA BADDEST BITCH BUT YEAH I WAS KINDA A BULLY N SCHOOL KMSL PUT SHIT I DEN GOT OLDER I ANIT PLAYIN NO GAMES#TEAMDOLLFACE	1
@North_SEW I'm not a bully , lol I'm always nice :*	1
I luv listening to reggae when it rains ( brings the sunshine out of me ) bed room bully	0
And callin me a bully...if the hoes aint scared I cant be a bully #getyoballsup	1
Workplace becomes new schoolyard for bullies: Bullying can be just as big a problem for adults in the workplace... http://t.co/cL5Rc8N	0
@Jillzarin wow...kelly is such a bully on the reunion...and b4 through the show! Strange how she keeps calling Alex "weird" and SHE is!!!!	1
@HewettNTS don't tell you cause u bully me yesterday.	1
Im 21 and i bully people! Niceee.	1
@GACMJFanForevaa omg now she I'd tweeting zak saying her night isnt going good because of people cyber bullying her omg does she get it?	1
Tuesday headlines: Adam Sandler denies report he dined and dashed Huge jump in reported bullying in Nashua schoo... http://t.co/dTDfqzF	0
ATTN ladies! If your agent is bullying you stand up 4 urself! They make money off you not the other way around! Were gonna shake things up!	0
Anyone know where to get legal advice on private university accommodation landlords? I'm sick of being bullied by a lying moron #anger	1
#100FactsAboutMe 34. Finding Out Some Celebs Was Bullied When They Was Younger Makes Me Feel Like I Wasnt The Only One x	1
Jeiza know she be getting bullied in school #BeyondScaredStraight	1
lmaoooo bullying hae xD	0
my bully ....... @Wavy_Jackson -.-	1
"@PRETTYRed_Lips: Bina is being so nice to Jay ! @MRS_MW_BANDS" awe that's a first lol maybe she's only a bully when I'm around !	1
I keep getting bullied which im prettyn sure im gonna end it	1
@Ricky_RoZaizeph no. If they were capable they would be doing it. Stopping the run doesn't take much. They are too small. Getting bullied	0
@Jasminenxy they still got bully lucky ?	0
@SiriuslyAmazin7 YOU ARROGANT, BULLYING TOERAG. Sealed. Married we shall be for sure now.	1
bully ray of impact wrestling worst style ever	0
@toodamnawesam @sofiawhat BULLY. =|	1
@ky_williams14: So I picked laylah up from daycare and they say she's becoming a little bullying #notmybaby lol she did hit Bella lmao!	1
@MissAdriJay lool i never bully u	1
@robmanuel 'In light of the situation in Libya, tell us about a time you gave a bullying person such as a despotic boss their comeuppance'	0
Give your kids the gift of knowledge  share a book about bullying and how to be a friend. http://t.co/v43vInw	0
Wallabies will attempt to bully All Blacks: This could be good. The Wallabies by all reports have been smashing ... http://t.co/IekxxIV	0
@pamhewett01 @migdurbeville > some of us even got personally accused of "bullying" - still laugh about it when i recall the story to others	1
GTFOH Jeff..u being a bully..!	1
@canofwormstv I think it's perfectly fine to hit back if they've been bullied for a long while.	0
This the first time I seen the bully win money	0
holy shit, i'd rather commit suicide than get bullied by @Laurennicoolee....	0
@KMaddock_ @MrPeterAndre Erm no they haven't :L Pete has alot of loyal fans who r on his side! u bully #lowlife	1
maria is a flipping bully.	1
Haaaaaaappy Birthdaaaaaaay bully @MackinxStackin :) !	1
Is it irony that Sam is short as a child the bully calls him "midget" and now he's overly tall lol #Supernatural	0
@ariellemimi sorry i didnt know you were a cyber bully.	1
Bullying Victims Can Fight Back With Help From Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Royaltyhttp://bit.ly/nLxMs7	0
Mucho Bulling chau!!!! A dormirsh!	0
@Kush_Tev Ctfuu ' You the bully !	1
Nut allergy children are bullied for being 'different'.  #gifted #homeschool #bullying #parenting http://t.co/uKEgheh	0
Being a Bully Dont Make You Cool	0
Mobile County trying to curb bullying in schools: Officials in Mobile County are launching a new initiative to t... http://t.co/TbkcV1M	0
Rebecca Black was bullied too much and is now home schooled. At least she no longer has to decide which seat she can take. @jballard47	1
I'ma have my bookbag. I hope Queen Kristine doesn't come & bully me. =/	0
@desdemoor nice piece des. See earlier tweet from @Bull_Highgate - beer tapping night next tues 6th! Be great to c u there! Spread the word!	0
@No_kamryn oh that sounds worse than my bully.... jus cuz mines a girl	1
Bully Tools reviews http://t.co/KlvhfE7	0
@Bi_Pol_Ar ah!!....so sum1 can bully yu	0
I liked a @YouTube video from @chemer2010 http://youtu.be/7wp2EnWw-7o?a Joe&Teddy bullied by MrTARDISReviews (A reply to	0
(Once I was bullied. Once I wanted to die. Once I learned how to make it through. I'm Nicole, a http://t.co/2IwoLHU via @bieberisakeeper	1
Big Oil bullying Nebraska. We wll cross your Aquifer.Facts on the aquifer: http://t.co/38YngfP via @sciam	0
The September International Bully Prevention Magazine is only 7 days away? Have you subscribed? It's free! http://t.co/TMR59Uh	0
@moveonsaw ahahaa :D I don't bully him deep in my heart the bullying means I love him :D	1
@ahpilot I feel a bit over overwhelm with the military community response on here despite I've no connection.I glad no one with bully me now	0
Bully @JENZiiH !! :D @VELO_Rubedo: My plans for tonight seem to fall apart D: What to do now?	0
do children bully more than grow-ups ? ... your opinion please ... :)	0
Bullying Affects a Quarter of High Schools Students: A student survey uncovers the prevalence of bullying. http://t.co/Wi5nZxO	0
How come i'm always the targeted and bullied one?	1
Now I realize why Roger was such a bully--it's bc he's a ginge! #Doug #90snick	1
I liked a @YouTube videofrom @Sacanas_ http://t.co/0BoGLH9 Jon Jones Kid - Bullying fail-Gordinho espa	0
Niggas swear I'm a #bully, I'm only 5'8 165lbs	1
@RiiRiiBu oh riight! lol /points at carr-onion, laughs & runs away/ #bullied	0
LOL...he made more money swallowing the minnow than he did with the "bully protection club"	0
@postculturist @dandouglas @rodti A bully swan once stole my dad's banana. No one laugh	0
LOL at this... person telling everybody that I'm bullying her. hahaha She also deleted me on Facebook. #loser	1
Wait wait wait,i never see a poorer excuse ta drop outta school than bullying.Like we say back home,smady hit yuh,hit dem to kissmeass back!	0
Rebecca Black Quits Middle School After Bullying:   YouTube sensation Rebecca Black might have gone from an... http://t.co/6X8j6Q4	0
bully's tho smh	0
this right here is Cyber Bullying at its best :)	1
Bully	0
Smh shucola gone just take my earphones.... #bully	1
@NathanTheWanted I'm gettin really bullied on here for likin u girls are takin the mick	1
@BieberNiggas ok, thanks. it's just i was bullied for being skinny, and forced myself to drink gross weight-gain shakes 5 times a day!	1
Always Control your emotion when someone is bullying you.. and the secret there to control it, is to don't care the person, and walk away!	0
I miss my bully...	1
VMAsRecap : CB was flying, Britney was crying, Jessie was limping, Neyo&Pitbull were ..LETS GRAB SOMEBODY SEXY AND TELL'EM, & B was on top.	0
@AshleighBourne @antoniaotterx @missalexwright dont go bullying tone!:)	0
@MegaayLewy yeah I understand that she was bullied and things but to bring something as strong as sexuality, something that effects (NT)	1
@tjblack81 my lens is ready for that 8 pack any time.... (not for the bullying)	0
@Polzie @moshanthi who should we bully?	0
@yearnings my protractor bully me (woo)	0
Teacher: How to address bullying school  and how not to - http://t.co/wgkUpjl -  #Bam  #Iran  #Political	0
I think it's ironic that WWE is in a campaign about bullying when most wrestling fans have been bullied for being wrestling fans. #Raw	1
@jankyfogelberg is a bully	1
Hey Hey! Ho Ho! Union Bullying is Getting Really Old and Has to Stop http://t.co/8FISDJ4	0
@stevenamoney And they're both good additions, although quiet lately. 3D know the business. Bully is a great heel, and Devon got buff!	0
@DjLBully shut up bully.. U love me	1
I feel like bullying cher lloyd. Her face hurts my feelings :|	0
@LFCkeith @TheKidDon @oscartheblue @KayRandles ur all wrong randles is off monsters inc! #bossfilm! Now leave kay alone ya big bully! Xx	1
I haven't watched Bully Beatdown in a minuteee #lovemayhem	0
Victory Fitness  (www.vicfit.net) will be hosting an anti-bully class on aug 29th and 31st at 630pm. Save the date and let others know....	0
Pet: Pet Food: 12" Free Range Bully Sticks Thick Select Odor Free 25 pieces http://t.co/HdWdgIE	0
@ItMakesYouBlind Hello Matt OR SHOULD I SAY cyberbully, terrorist and bully not to mention GAY! #cyberbully #bully #terrorist #spam #much?15	1
Photo: bullying! http://tumblr.com/x2z40jmes7	0
& I'm getting bullied by my whole family because I support Arsenal. *goes to bed*	1
@EtienneKugler lol i didnt even talk to them. They bullied her and wanna fight with me	1
praticando bullying.	0
@MatthewKnight17 omg good cause i got bullied alot! but that's great.	1
@BenwardFlawless yeah, I was cyberbullied & actually bullied but it's fine. I'm better now. I promise I won't delete my accnt. LOVE <3	1
Im a bully, i beat up a white kid and took his weed	1
@Haaarli I love how Tracey is putting full blame on Olivia, she is such a bully. She thinks we all 4got how she has constantly attacked her	1
Finally the principal called me. She said she is going to bring the boys in who bullied the girls.	1
@OwenJones84  just watched #newsnight  not easy to deal with a bully like  #starkey. well done.  #jaimie'sdreamschool nightmare teacher	0
Hell is my liteskin bully at	0
#moms #dads Think your student may be going through #bullying in school ? SOME signs> http://t.co/F3ttzTr #family #health	0
@hotlexibelle Check out "WORK IN DA POT featuring SERIUS JONES" by South Bully - http://t.co/LVaByW1	0
Shelly weak af.. Who tf is GROWN and bully ppl??	1
Martial Arts, spiritual growth, and anti-bullying: A good way to help your child to develop such traits is through martial arts. Depe...	0
@paulawalnuts  crazy how you could dish it out but when the bullying gets flipped on you it doesn't feel as good.  You're better than that.	1
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself	0
My son is a bully	1
so what if i give you 2 dollars eveyday in fear that you'll beat me up if i dont. its not like im getting bullied or anything *scoffs*	1
Bullying Has Got Too Stop....... the title of the book I am writing.	0
How can you be getting bullied into doing shifts. Is your life a joke or?	0
The Self Esteem Act: It's time to confront the bully that is our beauty culture http://t.co/wRd4NKc	0
New video: Funny Dog Videos - Phinley the Bully - "David vs. Goliath" - http://t.co/KLKyzWm	0
@douglasbot @jez_tuya My Big Stick! I'm not much for arts, I prefer a game of football or rugby, but your arts are solid. Keep being bully!!	0
Bully-Q sponsored by NAHS Cheerleaders.  See a cheerleader to purchase a ticket.	0
#Allisimpson : an inspiration  #AlliSimpson : a girl like me #AlliSimpson : supports anti-bullying (best cause) @TheAlliSimpson Follow Me?(:	0
Most people think Selenators are like the victims of bullying, which is not true, we actually stand up for one another were a family. #FACT	0
@hctri Crazy... Ridiculous... Bureaucratic bullying nonsense.. and any other host of expletives u can tag on the end.	0
@Simplydabest10 thats great! because if not the bully could've kept going & doing worse things ... I had a bully in elementary & jr high	1
Just found videos of me aged 4! My sisters bullied me and I was round! Cute	1
@BAY0UPRINCESS @HeartCapricorn #Capricorn knows how to get our way & will NEVER be bullied around or bullied into doing something.	0
'IF....' is a tense exercise in breeding anarchy. I wouldn't put up with that kind of bullying! @Criterion Blu-ray rev. http://t.co/knu4fuu	0
Nut allergy children are bullied for being 'different' | Mail Online: Jamie Berry's peanut allergy causes such c... http://t.co/UMcbtm8	0
Haha..just watch rise of the apes..love ceaser so much..pity ape bully by human.. :(	0
@FreaktheBrave the thing is kapayan and '9reesa have bullied me for years. They have thrown me of closets, played me with like a toy, and -	1
@KingRetro I dont have "Asbergers" you moron,get facts right before you accuse people.The only creepy asshole is you.Stop bullying people.	1
@lane727 @Bibubibuuuu yaaaaa bt im nt the one who bully her..	1
STOP bullying! I'm here for you <3	0
This chick telling Jeff he's a bully. Wow.	1
@ishaaxo leave me aloneee ! Biggest bully ever right now Is youuuu mann :'( its perfectly fineee b!	1
@Micky_houy bullying ...........:D you guys :D	1
@VinCastronovo Starve a bully, feed your soul. #standgrand . Those 8 words never get old <3	0
ignored, friendless, outcast, bullied	0
& shes getting bully by her @Robyn__Banks LMFAOOO LMFAOOO	1
Bullying: http://t.co/geyJX9o	0
Say NO to violent bully rhetoric. Say NO to cowboy politics. Say NO to @GovernorPerry for President. #unpresidential	0
@jimwaldorf2 if that were the case, surely there would be no bullying in america or individuals 'going postal'?!	0
@WeBieberArmy would u wanna help with a Demi support/ stop bullying video?(: you don't have too, just asking! <3	0
Football | Barclays Premier League | Neville: We bullied Arsenal "Invincibles" | ESPNSTAR.com http://t.co/VPmzZiZ via @espn_star	0
So the lil bro is the bully on bully beat dwn................WTF big bro	1
@jessskyedavies Yeah, if nothing else they could do more about bullying without specifically referring to sexuality.	0
@angelicalazoss iHope Your Not Being Ah Twitter Bully.! lol	0
*** GUEST POST *** Bullying on Campus: Stopping Hazing and Harassment by Glenn Rosenberg http://t.co/lOSXLAc via @MommyLTLORiley	0
@NikkiVNVMe Your a bully stop always picking on people Nicole Gosh	1
me hacen bulling por skype :(	0
Tia Just Bullied Me . Lmao	1
Linda Harvey: Theres No Proof that LGBT people exist http://t.co/2nQRh3a via @lgbtqnation #lgbt #glbt #gay #glsen #lesbian #school #bully	0
@DontSimPerTeeMe Liddat bully meh? It's just finding you funny (:	0
If they get bullied in BB, I will climb over the building and save them because I'm that hardcore. Who's joining me?	0
I feel like a mother. My baby is getting bullied and I'm not loving it.	1
Hey #SuperHero fans. We have a collection of #StanLee videos about #disability #bullying #adhd and more http://ow.ly/64BD4 #akhca	0
@MFalzonFanPage haha nice, well that's not bullying thats just asking :-)	0
When someone deliberately repeatedly pushes your buttons for their own amusement and tells you you are being sensitive; it's bullying.	0
HOBY Takes the Lead on Bullying @ #HOBYTI. So happy to work w/ an organization that cares about what is happening with the students we serve	0
@FlyFamShmeelen your a bully dawg pick on somebody your own size	1
"Don't allow love to turn into lust, setting off a downhill slide into sexual promiscuity, filthy practices, or bullying greed." - Ephe 5:3	0
@pookie21bear u a bully!!	1
@m_krina you used to get bullied :(	1
no bully	0
Middle school, I was a bully; 9th grade, I was a bully; 10th grade, I was a bully; 11th grade, I was bullied; 12th grade, didn't give a fuck	1
Rebecca Black Was "Bullied" into Home Schooling http://t.co/A7a9gCt #rebeccablack #bullying #friday	0
@HBluvsDDLOVATO they're bullying her tbh.	1
If Boehner has any spine, he will put the American people first and not grant Obama's intentional bullying tactics #teaparty #gop #tcot	1
@N1_ShizzLe Yh, when the grow up they will just fail in the real world & end up getting bullied...	0
Bullying Brothers Photography -  This Dedicate Magazine 'Boys Will Be Boys' Spread Goes Back in Time http://hunt.to/122325 #Fashion	0
VIDEO: Bully Kitteh Stuffs Other Kitteh Into Box http://t.co/5T0C0f1	0
my momma bear is a bully -.- ;D	1
@vivelahipter @LeonardSkynard1 was she bullied before or after the song??	1
@shawtyfrom239 hahah lol u seem like a bully too	1
i'm bullying @PLANET_JoZie with a giant wasp i'm being very mean	1
LOL @Lond_Lebo would you honestly smack me? Ahh you a bully... Blackie	1
Frank, with a bullied past, calls Jacques "Jock" #SuperThon	1
#iwishyouwouldturnmedown and you be waitin on a ride to Bully every friday	0
@Crazy4JessieJ I was the one who got beat up acc lol ^_^ he's a bully haha xx	1
@Tjprodigy10 #bullyingfacts #StopBullying between 15 and 25% of u.s students are frequently bullied	0
@ashabella92 too damn funny. She ia being bullied	1
Bully Tools Heavy Duty 4-Inch Scraper with D-Grip Fiberglass Handle 7-Guage Steel Blade $10.75 Free Super Saver ... http://bit.ly/phIB1G	0
My'Liek is a fucking bully i swear	1
It's obvious that you're bullying innocent foreigners and embracing the bad ones... how stupid can you get?	1
Saw that Mirror article. 1. Never take advice about what good TV is from a paper that thinks CBB is quality. 2. It was mindless bullying.	0
Bullying & body language advice http://t.co/H0yfAN6	0
@tinabopeep lol. Stop being a Bully	1
@Twitter You wanna know what's happening?  Idia is getting bullied by England #ThirdTest	0
@ddlovato weight and now I say with great pride I am very happy and not suffer more bullying	1
@justinbieber plz follow us back, u helped Maja through the hard times in her life.. like bullying, and cutting. read her story in our bio 9	1
@wobble_chops makes sense! A bully would probably be a good option. They're pretty low-key from from what I understand. =)	0
@bobbyzarin love the way u always stand up for@Jillzarin when all the other wives try ti bully her im glad u have her back #husbandoftheyear	1
@LaurenAkaLozza bully! 	1
@JedRustHFC greens getting bullied too! #comeonyoubulls	1
Lmao cause they like to bully me -.-	1
@weiGENN you bullied me .	1
@netvisto lol I don't want you to get cyber bullied :0 I was just playing	1
@drewryanscott some boys of my school bullied me because of my hair ...	1
@mai_leee @Dani_Nicole3 ur a cyber bully	1
Dido got bullied as a kid for being called Florian Cloud de Bounevialle Armstrong. What the hell?! That is an amazing name!	1
Critic of WWE's Anti-bullying Campaign Issues Retraction and Apology http://t.co/74W0fRH	0
@TeenMomGossip should be ashamed. saw u deleted the tweets, how coincidental! the girl needs support not bullying! grow up and pray for her!	1
@zeeehira my gov't name aint on twiiter.. n i dnt have u on fb.. ( i think) idk son, its late leave me alone woman ..bully  =p	1
Bullying *	0
@jordinwegner is bullying me	1
Your just a bully!	1
Words can't hurt me-or will they? Bullying can hurt more than feelings; it can impede brain development! http://t.co/PyoqmYq via @AddToAny	0
@Jah2123 you talkin bout knockin heads off man your a bully lmao.	1
The greatest episode if Bully Beatdown is where @mayhemmiller fights the bully! xD Which I'm watching now :D	0
Information: Bully CR-605L 605 Series 2 in 1 Receiver Hitch Mount Step with LED Brake Light http://t.co/Hedp9Yz	0
R we really surprised that bullying n school has increased when we hv removed prayer? No God, no peace! #wakeup	0
@ddlovato isnt it sad when demis fans bully people on behalf of demi? Am I wrong or is demis main goal to STOP BULLYING?!?!	1
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself. 	0
@lickmypretty_ But After tommorrow Their will Be No More Bullying, u and  ure No Hands Self!, Lemme catch u outside mrs vaughns class 2morro	1
you don't know what's going on in someone's life, don't judge them. you honestly don't know what cyber-bullying can make a person do.	0
@jillbear1721 It just hurts to see what this jerk has to say about adam and I hate being bullied but I won't let adam down.	1
Rebecca Black Hits Up Boa, Talks Bullying: Taking a midweek break from her schedule,  Rebecca Black was spotted ... http://bit.ly/oV5fKS	0
Just been told of another person (m8's sister) being intimidated by a double glazing salesman, I'm guessing it was Dunraven, the bully boys	1
All the Jeff fans....did you see how dickhead Jeff was bulling Shelly in the kitchen? He only bucks to women...#WomanHater #CBSBigBrother	1
Rebecca Black has been pulled from school & is now being homeschooled, due to relentless #bullying. #homeschooling http://fb.me/StduPBeE	1
Jessica Black got bullied so bad she dropped outta school?? She can't sing worth a damn but damn, that's a bit much	1
:O OMG just read that this bully of @hollycollett is also a #heartbeat im sorry, they aint heartbeats if they're bullying.	1
@DavisCleveland can you please please please follow me because i was cyber bullied today	1
#STOPBULLYING A family member had to drop out of school due to bullying. Please help stop bullying. It is morally wrong, a crime against all	1
@alexdelasalle08 I get bullied by him alex:/	1
@suparups @pink_face @salmaa1, u need 2 stop buttin in @suparups we findin sum1 random 2 bully, cuz we r ultra bored wanna join	1
I bully all them niggas	1
@masonrhade normal life?  Shes getting bullied and harassed.  Accepting that by anyone is bullshit	1
@legsidelizzy good to see that u dont possess the arrogance which anderson showed when sachin was batting.. he literally tried to bully him.	1
@apple_bonkers How do you know her song is getting bullied and she isn't? Do you know her? Fame doesn't equal immunity from life.	1
I got bullied by @7KennethChia7 and @mad_jan ):	1
@TigrisXxx BULLY	1
It's getting so old to listen to Gervais bullying Karl... And jeeze, they digress like there's no tomorrow. Or topic... http://t.co/wuo5JiS	1
@mindlessbhavior princeton ppl say u bully roc is dat true	1
@Clio_the_Leo AND A week is a LONG time for Jeff to work his bully magic. I predict Adam leaving this week if she takes the deal #bb13	1
@bowtoMorandaa bully your as big as an fire ant haha :p jk	1
@lizziemeadows spoiled rotten,I spent most of my child hood being bullied,although then I'd never heard the word,they were just nasty kids	1
@LifeIsRKOingMe I know @k_a_n_a_  made syuri San cry at a smash conference. @k_a_n_a_  is a bully lol	1
It's sad that #RebeccaBlack's mom has to home-school her because of #bullying. Shame on the kids and adults for picking on a child.	1
@EeshaanS @kushalr89 Rebecca Black pulld out of school coz of incessant bullying by classmates."They wud sing Friday in really nasal voices"	1
@hausofpaparazzo COME ON... STOP BULLYING THE GIRL	1
I hate you because you are the bully my life..	1
@chloehallidayTW D: I'm not a bully.	1
I want my e-mail, @pottermore! Stop bullying me!	1
The things I would do to that bully(s). if I ever found them. They would be in pain http://t.co/ODUoVVU	1
I like bullying my sister's friend.. :))	1
@nobarii You bully me into joining Twitter and then give up on it whilst I am embracing this social medium for all I'm worth.	1
@Pari2Free next time we go out please make sure i don't let anyone bully me into giving out my number , i'm being #harrased !!! lol	1
So beef in he Cub classroom the bully worked hard on "choreography" and the new leader wants to change it!!! Smh these kids are hilarious!!	1
I'm mad that I was verbally assaulted and a victim of Internet bullying for one accidental tweet...	1
35,762- you would chose a # like this lol. I'm glad we've remain friends even after all your bullying lol :)	1
This school year I'm not bullying anyone. I got in to much trouble last year.	1
I'm done...I'm being judged too much by this bully this morning	1
@heatworld darryn would be nitemare housemate, he's controlling & a bully #CBB #BBUK	1
@amelia_ong Hahaha! Sick still can bully people! Sick more k, die soon! Hahaha!	1
@BlueTimeMachine dont bully ah ma hor!	1
Julie Chen is a straight up bully!  They're the talent Julie, you're just some rich guys wife. #cbsbigbrother	1
@snapbackswagg1 bae he's kicking me off the bed ! Come get him !! Lol he's bullying me !	1
@WilliamKuecker haha hey! I love our friendship because I love being bullied/corrected/punched in the face...wait what?	1
@safertohateyou and being bullied by kate! LOL	1
I have so much hate for people in my school . Why cant i just be loving . I hope that anyone who ever bullied me gets it back .	1
@KaylaMeares  you're a bully, lol but I love you too!	1
@jessiejofficial I was bullied alot in school and now im happy because im at the top of my game and their not! HA #Whoslaughingnow :) Ilu x	1
Cant believe they bullied rebecca black out of school!! she is only human she doesn't deserve hate!! :| leave the poor girl alone!	1
@Eridanni trynna box me last night!! Lmfao #bully	1
The next day they called me in the office and said I'm bullying her by saying that.	1
@iMBoutDatTweet you a bully	1
@Eyeslam you're being mean to me! you're a cyber bully.	1
@MsSweetJoneSsS I remember when you was a bully, turned out to be a decent young lady lol, shout out to Howard Ave n Nye Ave Days	1
@KatelinReed is a big ole mean bully of a sister 	1
@somebodyhatesya is a cyberbully account. We don't condone bullying OR hate in this society. Please do something @twitter	1
@sjtoplin if I was a bully I would have used your name.	1
@MissMorgan89x @Carey22C @gemmaloux87x lmao aww yh that's true rach e does.. Bt I'm always bullying him so I fort I'd start bein nice :) ha	1
@MusicxGaGa64 well they have no reason to bully you!	1
@FanTaStIK_Zae2 big ass bully!	1
So why is everybody bullying @NathanTheWanted  tonight? If he want to tweet u, he will. It will just take time and one day it will be u:) x	1
He gone blow away the bully that just pushed his ass	1
@claireabella___ @jinkksy- she doesn't! Not a bad thing has been said by her.. totally disgusting! I think we know who the real bully is! X	1
@ElBailey_ @billymctaggart mmm is this true do you bully my Billy :/	1
@bassemshow  http://t.co/hcY7pGn  Did you saw this ? what do you think about it ,, first time to see someone bully you on air !!!!!!!!!!	1
Big brother is pissing me off. I hate seeing people being bullied who don't deserve. #petpeeve	1
@MrjokerEdward @Rochelleyap rubbish?!?! Always bully me?! Then now bully my friend. YOU ENOUGH AH HAHA	1
Being bullied into uploading clips~ xD so if you watch~ turn the volume down~ I'll scar you for life xD	1
@Kcocomiracle why? She bully you Eh :\ SMS me tell me what happen :D	1
@justinbieber you will never tweet me stay strong ? :''( bullying killing me so much.. PLEASE JUSTIN NEVER SAY NEVER 12	1
i got bullied in the 1st grade	1
@BEYONDGAWJUS lol...cyber bullying rotflmao #guhyoucrazy	1
Why everyone like disturb my happy life? Always there is something wrong on my activities? Why I always have judge,disturb,bully?	1
@ryanguyenn gotta protect nance from this twitter bullying! I guess she was good enough for john mayer song...	1
@shatterPROOFF Lmao ugh u bully me a lot.. I bet u had to miss recess and sit at silent lunch when u were in elmentary school !	1
EVERYONE see he just called me a punk..hes a bully and a liar smh @Coolin_Justin: @JelloShots_ good job :) lol im not a bully punk	1
@lilystw just because you don't like her or her career choices doesn't mean you need to be a bully	1
@ICONIaMmE there is this girl tht has the same name as u and people r saying she killed herself cuz of bullying and she was a GRANDer :(	1
I am not a bully	1
@818_DodgersFan @Kanguro30 thank you! He's just a bully	1
@Lydkeeley cuz, we kinda bullied my mum into cancelling it, and Hannah went on her sleepover'xoxoxo	1
@EmmaxxxChloe is a bully :(	1
66.5 - this old short shawty! i don't wanna admit this but you are actually cool -_- you feel to bully me 25/7 but i don't fear you :P	1
i know this goes along with the whole bully thing i have going but really... I GET WHAT I WANT.	1
@8_Tinkerbell_8 lol cause your a bully u want to beat every one ass rich talkn about blowin stuff up and u talkin about punch n sumone lol	1
Cyber bulling kills me on fb. I'm deleting it. You guys understand me and actually like me for who I am on here.	1
@knouase Oh you could be right plus didn't Shelly try to bully her.	1
@ge0rgiach0rlton (cont) i dont want anyone from school to know about my youtube, because at my old school they used to bully me x	1
@RitaSlo @hrzebari @BrendaAsmar lmaoooo you are such a bully!	1
can't she just stop bullying me on facebook? i did nothing to her.	1
@jcsaint_22 rather me bully them then strangers i dont know. It builds character!	1
Aidan had another good day at school - no checks! I worry there might be a bully in his class - Aidan sounded... http://t.co/ZjERl8t	1
5 teens had A 14 Year Old Girl Hang Herself BC They Wouldn't Stop Bullying Her. nothing happended 2them even tho she left a note with names	1
#CBSBigBrother Good riddance, Jeff. You're an arrogant bully & your own hubris brought you down. Sorry to see Dani go, though!	1
@G_Morales01 :O BULLY! :'(	1
@EsaaKimmy_ likes to bully me -.-<3	1
@steffybabyx3 u mean n u a bully lmaoo	1
@Dyenomite whoa. seriously? what a bully.	1
I just hate it when other older kids in school bully me :(	1
Sumitimes iam so thankful so hav little big sista, so I can havin fun n bully her lol   	1
@LifeAsSharon you can justify or say is false and you have to deal with the consequences of that so i'm done you can go bully someone else	1
that biatch sayin she got bullied in school is just making excuses..no one left you out, YOU chose not to talk to him just then #thebachelor	1
@Price_21 wtf! Nothing to do with me! Nadim and christian, I was to busy bullying jake :P	1
@Asperger_Mom The one that Zoey is claiming that I am "bullying" her .. where she defames and libels me ... Lisa Jo Rudy's blog yesterday.	1
Nobody should bully a sweet girl like @Amelliaaaaaaa . ._.	1
@SuiteLifeOfStar lol you bulling BBall players, you must have guns	1
@nomokonokonoko It's horrible, I don't like my new classmates () I know some of them and they've bullied me a lot last schoolyear ()	1
@justinbieber YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT @ibiebercock ALWAYS DEFENDS YOU. YOU HELPED HER GO THROUGHJ BULLYING! :)	1
Rebecca Black has been bullied out of school cos other kids keep singing her song and asking her what day it is LOOOOL	1
@jeyMAMi lmao, i kno u right. but they should take it personal. damn so ima internet bully now, smh lol i hope i dont drive nobody crazy	1
@Hidden_Beth why on earth did you get bullied? Skype call when get new headphones (see previous tweet)	1
@Azeeezah LMAO!!! Babes...you could never bully me...#justsaying...	1
@TheGomezHomies you're a bully -_-	1
@ULove_Somertime lmao r u kiddin me bully..!iused to shower u wit love!	1
So sad. Come here kana bullied everyday. ):	1
Tragedy: Rebecca black forced to drop out of school because of bullying. Elsewhere...bullies back to picking on "real geeks"	1
lmfao . #oomf remembered me from when i stayed out OV and said i was a bully ! i dont recall .. lmao .	1
@realmandyrain thx for the site, never been bullied but i know many that have :\ #stopbullying #stopthehate	1
@betweenthelimes  Wish my grandparents could have afforded to by me cool things to take care of my bullying probs in K-12.	1
@Jilltweety OMG Darryn has to go, I feel ill everytime he exposes that gross body of his and he's nasty and bullying #BigBrother	1
#whenifirstmet @KisameRyoma he bullied me for being a ringer :( lool	1
#iwasthatkid. That everyone hated /bullied and made fun of I never understood why but some how made it. DON'T GIVE UP!	1
Rebecca Black Quits Middle School After Bullying http://t.co/Aq51ECt	1
Thought @PerezHilton was gonna stop being a bully #journalistnotacritic #hater	1
@islasays bully	1
@mel_star90 i'm getting bullied about my phone, :/ lol need to do something about it sooon! lol	1
You are a bully!!! No I don't like it!!	1
@LaurenALBoswell Go away! Bully! <3	1
@MiinT tweeting her saying she's ugly, a whore and that she should go burn in hell is bullying though. I know TrollJunes hasn't said that	1
@T__Lourdes aww hugss loool u was bullying me not long ago	1
omg! @KissMyASSley & @OmgitsFlenoid are making fun of me and my sleeping habits :( i'm feeling unloved and cyber-bullied!	1
@Wolf_Quill I've seen a lot of people switch schools because of bullying but I decided I didn't want to be one of them	1
Lmao why did me and Char just bully andre in to buying us waters	1
@MorganMcClain she need to switch her bully game up its 2011 and she still cussing out people	1
@DramaTweetBrad Whatever you bully!	1
@GeeSassyWay Bully.	1
@Ooooh_NaNa @_lovejade  lol im to short to b a bully. lol	1
@Warbler__Blaine yeah i came 2 days ago,started getting bullied the first day-looks up slightly-	1
@WilkinsonLuke yeahh, i bully you.. of course ;) no cause i dont... nah, i just couldn't be bothered #awk	1
@AntoineVillasBo what happen to your life? what makes it shitty? so you've been bullying? goodgood.  huhuhuhu.	1
#StrongHeart Evil Kyu is on roll. bullying Hyuk xD	1
@yrgreatestluv @Francispiration ya la u everyday bully him sia......	1
@shannnesee Got! You always bully me. :<	1
@RisssRattt90 your a bully.	1
@bellathorne143 bella tweet for me?? i suffer bullying	1
@NoArtieNoParty Yeah yeah yeah, you cyber bully.	1
@MBachmann4Pres There's nothing to change, nor to debate. You need to get a grip and stop bullying people.	1
Lmao @_HimOverThere5 is a bully	1
@JohnCena  dude I'm getting bullied and I can't tell or they'll beat me up but I can ask for your help see no one knows I'm talking to u and	1
Mir complaining 87line bullying him ! HOW CUTE !	1
I ain't even big enough to be a bully	1
@Iameemily I want to become big size, then can bully our @weirong92 more hahahaha.	1
@terryjr91 Yeah. Mostly it was this one guy who verbally bullied me at school and on my LiveJournal/everywhere online.	1
David Arquette Reveals His Daughter Coco Has Been Bullied  http://t.co/rXQOEXc	1
While One Of My Besties Is Showing Sympathy The Other One Is Trying To Call Me A Bully..!!!	1
I was a fucking BAWSE. "@OhSoChoochie: #WhenIFirstMet @LepaaShandy I Hated Her Coz My Bestfriend Said She Bullied The Hell Outta Her"	1
Stress,cyber bullies,crying every night,holding a secret,about to blow = uh oh...that was me	1
@rawrrrdeep @cReems_10 san, your fat hubby of a hathi is bullying me :'( fat hathisaouros!!!!	1
@OoohNicole Your a bully xD	1
@utaunenami_bot Is it okay that I punch every guys who is bullying you? :)	1
@xLilStarx @AlexisJordan I'd say pro-labor as they call themselves engender the most bullying as they're weak & bully the people themselves.	1
Not liking how @NikkiHesford is making me out to be a bully! 'who constantly tweets me criticism' did your mum tell you it's wrong to lie?!	1
@SkittleElena You little bully. [Smirks wickedly] In that case, you might just get one soon.	1
@wu_fei actually I just realized, this isn't Running Man and Kwangsoo is still being bullied. lol. D: noooooo kwangsoo :'(	1
@_AyeEsAychAye lol. Ok asha. I'm not being a bully.	1
@TheCodySimpson u care sooo much for people who get bullied everyday like me plzz retweett	1
:O lol, i'm no bully!  @NiNoBlakk2x	1
"While he was looking after them, I think he also bullied them... so now they are getting payback." You deserve it. lol	1
@kawann_12 being ah bully , ha ga cant beat nobodt up !	1
@SHINeeSOOAH aww D; we dun bully lol we jus joke around xD	1
@MindGrowth < biggest bully alive .. :(	1
@ian_ianization Hi ian! I everyday watch your show leh!! Dont bully ahya and zhiyong!! Dont join gang and lijie chou nu ren! <3	1
SO @imBOld  BULLIED ME INTO CLEANING THE BATHTUB [SNOOTYBOOTY	1
@Zoestymest semo semo! Is you cant bully me. Cause i will kill onew	1
So after they take that classs , they still bully? #Smh! Oh fuck no! They got the Lil'Girl :O #nowimmad!! ]:<	1
@jessiejofficial Isn't your single about bullying? yeah okay then why you bullying @BethMcAneny shes your fan thats fucking ridiculous.	1
@MrDBlackstock tell Bruce Campbell he needs a twitter acc. He really Bullied 2day!	1
Some of my so called friends need to grow the fuck up and if push comes to shove fuck off. I will not be bullied.	1
Please don't bully @shfly3424...kkkk	1
@mrssamirnasri @SRamsey0909 looooool how do I bully you shyyy? and the random 9 yr old started it! hahahaaa	1
#ff follow @clairre_  if you want to be insulted, bullied, offended and extremely annoyed TWENTY-FOUR SEVEN. I kid, I kid she's GA-REAT. :)	1
4. I get bullied.	1
@tephuney Reese, you are a bully. :)	1
Hahahaha funny guy @erickluna13  thinks he's like the twitter bully or something	1
I mean go ahead- play, but I don't get why you're doing it. Basically, bullying a daft old man without reason's not that funny. #knockandrun	1
@pigsquealerrrrr You're a bully!	1
Thinking how I get betrayed and bullied by my close friends in the past. I even nearly get beaten up. It's my life.	1
@modu232 Smh. I see the cyber bully got his Internet cut back on	1
My brother's such a bully, he always has a go at me for not talking to family, it's his fault he nevers let me get a word in edgeways and	1
@Shulinggy u being bullied not new :P	1
@dellvink @lalalian what pissed me off was that I said I wasn't really interested, MORE THAN ONCE. Little blond Irish bully.	1
Rebecca Black Forced to Be Homeschooled Due to School Bullying  http://t.co/fIeKRXI	1
Are you guys building a treadmill in there though? @cchhrriii @claiirebearr ... @mandafrappp is bullying me and my shocks	1
#WWYD if You saw the kids who bullied MB?	1
@QT_Badd678 you just are, bully :)	1
@pryce_choppa You Can Tell How Meeka Was Acting That She Was Bullied Alot In School Lookin like A Black Twinkie or Something	1
iWanna Conk Some Of Teammindless Heads BigTime.. When iCatch The Person Who's Been Bullying..	1
*PSA* IM NOT A BULLY	1
ABC is considering Rebecca Black a bully victim. Well don't put up a horribly bad, stomach lurching, scream inducing video.	1
@justinbieber you will never tweet me stay strong ? :''( bullying killing me so much.. PLEASE JUSTIN NEVER SAY NEVER 15	1
@_GlitterJizz @601136508169711 exactly. They're a Bully.	1
So like i'm so sick off these girls bullying me, just makes me wish there was no such thing as bullies or school. :(	1
@morgin_ward iMiss seeing your face on the weekends bully :/	1
@RichhRumors plz dnt tell me u a twitter bully lol	1
@Wheremydrink lol no @BlackIsBUtiful a bully	1
@Moonk26 deft not a twitter bully ppl makin me mad	1
Lmfao my moms a bully	1
@jhlsalejo I know right! Almost every disney channel actor has been bullied when they were younger	1
@TheBreMobile i've been bullied all last year and for these 4 weeks of this year. im tired of it now if i threaten them they'll be like okay	1
Lmao , I'm Not A Bully ! Shut Up .	1
@ReasonVsFear I guess it's this...I was SO beaten down by namecalling and bullying as a child that I can never diminish its importance...	1
@BeccaRatliff31 thats the thing?! how am i a bully?! i used to be iconicbelieblove by the way. id you know who i am then you know me	1
So the selena hate accounts think nolan is cyber bullying??? ya tht makes a lot of sense. NOT!!	1
@Mani70 lol. Gola were the 2nd worse in my area. The kid with Gola boots used to bully me!! Gutted I was 10yrs early b4 they became cool	1
When I don't have my phone I bully my mom for hers lol	1
@mkidj totti is rlly a bully, its hard 4 a coach 2 work @ roma wit out totti's help	1
@Tasha_JessieJxx thing and then it was gonna kill me and i woke up..... hahah im not a pussy you just scared me shitless heheh you bully! xx	1
Dnt be a bully leave tayo alone...pick on someone ur ownsizeCc@kunlefernando	1
@Matt_P_1995 evil you are! I have been bullied on twitter today! You should be nice to me ;) x	1
@ddlovato i am getting bullied in school..what shld i do?	1
@Tropic_Tiff fool u a bully	1
So a gay guy bullied someone in high school. Some how I don't find this at all EXCITING. We are not all FAIRIES you know	1
@Amelia_Loves_U Wow kid, you need to'stop, bullying Perry. That's just...wrong on so many levels..	1
@DyamondNDaRough Protect Me from The bully imma Be In The Bully Protection Program they gon change my name and move me to alaska Ctfupppp	1
@xMarkHenry @xzackryder @xnattiebynature -_-he is a bully ugh! God	1
You still a bully tho	1
You bully me so fucking much, I hate you	1
@hsujunhao why you all bullying him?? #chinstopcrying #kohchincries	1
I like when kids try to bully my son on the playground. Scissor kicking todddlers next to the jungle gym is one of my fav pastimes.	1
@twinkz_fasho yes he his lol shit he bully his own mama lol	1
Please don't let people commit #suicide. I lost my younger brother to suicide. He killed himself because he was being #bullied.Support #gays	1
I'm being bullied!! @WetDreams14 @LucienChristian @Future_MD @MJEM989 @byrd8901	1
@selenagomez YOU IS MY INSPIRATION SELENA FOLLOW ME I SUFFER BULLYING :/	1
I cant believe mi bully ass daughter pulled mi track out like wtf	1
Tweetn sucks w/o @Agbessitomisin @remiomoyele @mikistones and i miss @Ms_Zubrina shez such a bully!	1
@bigrennies it was this robot that always talked to you and gaves you facts and useless information lmao, but it was fun bullying him	1
this #bigbitch said i was bullying her cause i called her a #bigass ! im confused, cause all i did was state the obvious.	1
@Tasha_JessieJxx tell me how my stories changed BABE. I read the convo. You bullied Holly. Your defence is that she took the piss out of u..	1
@kmakms Why? I am not bulling you... I love you bec you fail... I dislike perfect ppl like Saga chii sama #savesoulmate	1
I'm sorta scared for Vinny in high school. He was bullied for wanting to dance, but most likely that's over.... http://t.co/sIinaWs	1
Glad to be back home! I missed my bed (as stated earlier)! & I finally have fast internet & cable! Oh, & (bullying) my mother.. LOL	1
feel like Im gettin bullied into babysitting tomorrow night so my sister can go get laid. absolute bullshit. Not sure what 2 do @cruzinruby	1
@bowya This was very much an exception for a "troubled" girl said to have been bullied into her part in the looting	1
absolutely ridiculous how #philipplahm is being attacked for simply telling football fans how his coaches were. #magath was a bully, duh.	1
@RichieeLove * GASPP * i do nottt bully you . Quit lying, yyouu trynna get me fussed outt !	1
@bellathorne143 Bella i was bullied because everyone was mexican and i was white they hurt me and at one point i only had 1 friend! :( 20	1
@EricaHuurnandez Makinn fun of me the other day for not having my license. That's called karma you bully!!!!! <3 :*	1
I got bullied today lmao :)	1
@Rachel_Gloria funny how you can still be a bully all the way from Brum! See ya!	1
@Karlisyle this sound like @Radin_Fadli is a big bully	1
@CallMeeGeorge__ Is that all you have to say?! -__- Bully!	1
#Wheniwaslittle I was the bully that every little girl complains about . Hahaa :)	1
Hey, you big bully. why don't you pick on someone your own size.	1
@PlumsOfDoom he was just unfairly antagonized by that bully Barton that I wanted on our team! Bastad that one! Lol	1
@K4Kendra ...loved Chris till Rihanna got bullied..so Trey is my guy	1
shut up jessie j, there's a reason why you was bullied at school you cretin	1
@TrishSellsATL @DrBynum Wow!!!  Bully!!	1
Rebecca Black removed from school after being bullied by classmates http://n360.to/noc85c (via @news360app) #isitFridayyet	1
@Woody_and_Buzz this freshman class is an asshole lol in here bullying the hell out of ammar #smh	1
@lscydnew they are not cute at all! Bully me :(	1
@catsgotswag Got people bully me. :(	1
I think it's gay how people get bullied for liking JB like get a damn life #ProudBelieber	1
@MCNASTY0707 damn babes ain't talk to you in a min? You still a bully? Lol	1
Is it weird I bullied my niece into putting #neversaynever on so I had an excuse as to why I'm watching it :S #secretbelieber	1
@Chloe__Mathews u would think that, bully lol :D x	1
@pretty527 Actually, I was the bullied. But I learned all the best moves, from the masters.	1
@LilLovatic They knew about me being bullied at school, but they don't know about the panic attack or these days (cont) http://t.co/d8wEj9k	1
Eunhyuk's parents talked about him and XIah Junsu http://t.co/0mirdou so junchan must be right. they really got bullied during school days	1
@jacksta_  now while u r reading ur tweet,this  b tha last time i treat and check u. #stfu about any and all things,u bully,bully me iIgnore	1
@gemmaloux87x @carey22c we dun bully u! Ur worse than any1 #propalittlebitch :P	1
i didn't like the way the boys bullied that LGBT girl on #JerseyShore last night.	1
@wakooz hey, u should unfollow @belieber_quotee she's a hater and a bully and u prob dont wana see that on your timeline :)	1
@charlieeEvanss whatever your just a bully.. Bye!	1
@LittlecBeadles You are actually bullying me by telling me not to bully.	1
i don't think sutter should of gave in now the media think they can bully people with there words and make them leave social media	1
Rebecca Black was bullied so much her mom has her home schooled...smh hahahahaha	1
Well @JUDiJAiKRAZi and @BGC7ShellyRay fight is about to happen and two things made it happen 1 drunk judi and 2 shelly bullying	1
@Imjustmikeymike Yes we are :( lol. You hate me remember? Your my bully! I'm a hoe and bitch you want me to stop breathing remember that.	1
@Kbeezy4 I was scrappin cause my jersey said #Dominguez & theirs said Centinial smh. y were u fighting again?? #Bully! Ps I did not start it	1
#CBSBIGBROTHER Please no Brendon! he is a bully. Rachael I can't stand. LIke Jeff and Jorden but he is acting like a bully.	1
@EpicImagine4BTR ur welcome! Bc i get bullied in real life some times	1
@lognonne But he also bullied him and called him out for fucking up in front of teammates. Ruined his confidence. Read that one I linked..	1
@Thisdudeleo you stalk my twitter. yep. don't deny it. #bully	1
ROFL @ people saying Demi bullied this girl that said her arms looked chunky or something.. She tweeted; 'who cares'. How is that bullying?	1
"I'll be a bully until I'm due some respect."  That's what a former bully told me.	1
Lol you're like 35 calling someone a bully ?	1
@LW7 ahh thanks Hun. Xxx but nutting can make me feel betterer. I'm afraid feelings been hurt. Tis bullying ya know xxx	1
@DaRealGdaddy I thought we had a truce? Why are you still bullying me? Don't make me open my trunk lol	1
@innaconica ;') add to that, the kid stands 5'8, big and burly, sometimes a bully. What he said just made my day. ;D	1
@DucksLikeVodka might have to change my name and go on the lamb and wander the earth from town to town to avoid him. He's a bully!	1
@SherlyTeng @OfficialTroyWee you bully him make it worst ! He's my bao bei you go bully him ! Hahaha	1
@tweedlz I'm not a bully just an obvious stater	1
Shame momz bestie's son has man boobs. Says hz being bullied at school becoz of hz w8 :( :( poor thing	1
@rnyblacksmile But Kyuhyun said like that Minnie !! Your fans bullying him !! Hahaha	1
@Aashcash06 hahaha yea im plotting mean things I can say about all of his friends girls.. Bc I'm a bully!! Ha thanks!	1
@jessmenikefs @colintheriault7 stop bullying my friend	1
@O_so_fine LMFAO!!! You damn bully!!! You won this battle, but the war is far from over.  LOL!!!	1
#oomf bullied me today ..	1
@simplyy_veee Hahaha nah not no more ur a bully :(	1
y u all bully eunhyuk, "handsome when his eyes covered.."	1
@S_eiler your being the official bully isn't enuff, now you have to get others on TL to bully me as well :'(	1
@timpayton un'frikin'believable  yet AGAIN we get knocked.  Wtf is wrong with us ?  Why do we get bullied so easy into selling cheap ??	1
@bellathorne143 Bella i was bullied because everyone was mexican and i was white they hurt me and at one point i only had 1 friend! :( 16	1
Why did Kelly attack Brie? First she attacks from behind, now she attacks unprovoked! She's a bigger bully than the Divas of Destruction!	1
@scwjett7 I can tell lol. That, and you bully me. What happened to all those good times we shared?!	1
Study finds third of teachers have been bullied online http://t.co/rXuVcXG	1
Your rude, your racist, your disguising, you can't spell, your a bully! nobody wants you on twitter, SO JUST LEAVE	1
@Sher_adelelee Wad happen ? Who bully you ? :(	1
@Jasmina_Nicole :( your a bully!!! Lol	1
@You_LoveSam goodnight cyber bully :)	1
Leanne is a bully	1
@YasmineSaoudi  i can be a bully if i want , next time i see im going to throw you in the trash can , yup thats right :D	1
Tristan a bully lol	1
I will NEVER understand why people think it's okay to bully. I've been on the receiving end of it and TRUST ME. it's not okay. #staystrong	1
funny. In AAB, Nicholas is suffering because of bullying but in Skins, he is the one bullying people. (sometimes....)	1
@Sgalet_xo loool stop bullying the innocent little girl	1
@Delenafan23 a bully is bullying one of my bff's and i stood up for her but now is bully bullying me on fb!! :o well, she's trying ;D HAH!	1
Liking the #BB13 script if Dani stays. Liking Shelly Moore more. Tired of bully Jeff and chattyazz Kalia. Hope Rachel gone Thurs at DE.	1
@isi_sky Some SC moments were cute. :-) Maru got bullied twice in that skit. LOL!	1
So Nick's mother always used to bully him? Cool, cool.	1
Dehza get bullied at school /: my poor bby!	1
You is a bully	1
Kibum likes to bully Kevin, he said it's his hobby. #ukissfact	1
@stoiq4 all u did was pop rubberbands at me while I was studying...smh...bully	1
@YungBlack_PinUp a dam bully..lol	1
I hate people who bully others for the fun of it. Grow the fuck up and stop spending your daddy's money.	1
@ICONicHavanaL yeah it sux i hate it then ppl bully me cuz of it seriously theres no reason for that	1
@gunnerblog A better justice would have been trying to win the game not bully a player and starting chaos	1
Paul and Bex are bullying me.	1
No @paulawalnuts fuck YOU! how can you bully @MissCaraMaria  and think @laurelstucky is a bitch when she does it to you? ur not special.	1
@stephyalexi @ReppinCanadaJDB replying to u has got nothin to do with stephanie, how dare u think u have the right to fink u can bully any1!	1
I get called bully all day, but the real harassers get a pass from ppl who don't want to speak ill of any1 w/ a nose up their ass.	1
@SarahBMaslow_RC It kinda was tho:/, + if it was a girl who bullied you, why would you be like "stop bitching to my friend, yeah? after (c)	1
Internet hitmaker Rebecca Black is now being home schooled because of the bullying she was receiving at school.... http://fb.me/HvYmEzyr	1
@UrsTrulyDesiD ugh you're such a bully lol	1
@elenfaith2694 WTH! not again! People are just sick. Its sad to see they have nothing better to do then to bully.	1
Jade is bullying Kyle now. Weirdest crush ever. #neighbours	1
Im sucha bully when it comes to boys lollll #shrug I can't help it	1
Rashid is a bully I wish I could go back to sleep but mother nature is a ugly bitch -_-	1
@KassiesUniquee I'm like this 24/7 I've been bullied and abused since I was born...	1
@Naureena_x @TomGibbons8 tom shes bullying me:( i think if we meet you in ponty you should be horrible to her for me yes? thankss;-)	1
These yours?  "@MattBlondek: @TheNoseybonk Nope, I'm at home, disgusted by your cyber bullying!" http://yfrog.com/h3fw4umj	1
@LuvSelenaMarie heyy=] i signed yeah she does not deserve any of it thts just bull how ppl bully selena=[	1
@georgieyasmin It is. You bullied me! Anyways, the followers I have on there are WAY more active than on zappy- :')	1
@hafejee7 we all dnt need to know how u feel after a massage either on #fb but we still have to read that lv @princessmunira alone!! #bully	1
everyone kept bullying me tonight with their toes, and lolling cos I brought socks with me? everyone knows, cover your toes.	1
@Tweet_My_Bxxch Lol . I Know , All The Times Ive Been Bullied . . Smh .	1
@imSO_odd Lol. Hush! You BULLY :)	1
@dougiedonnelly way to go the bully wee! Think they can keep it going though?	1
Just got bullied by @AmberVernea and @Curlie_Sue22. Lol.	1
@WeTalkDemi what it feels like to be bullied & ridiculed as you were. Demi's become my sole inspiration in life, made me a stronger person.	1
@lucasharkey_01 bully !!!!! <3 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx http://t.co/zC37WQm	1
@No1racingfan @dcollins2808 @mulldog @Riosrider dans a bully ): he bullys me all the time )':	1
@Bazmati2020 @sofs_mom I think poor @Annjj is being harassed and bullied by a complete nobber via Twitter. Hope she's not on her own,	1
@tweetthisbihh u probably did it...bully me now u tryin 2bully my love ones lmfao	1
@Biancassantiago I AM BIG BULLY AND BIG BELLY! :D	1
@amymarie2534 And your previous one "My Story" you've recited my story, more or less. I too was bullied a LOT, thru Jr High and HS.	1
Yes, I've been bullied. It hurts. A lot. Stop bullying.	1
@Linguagroover confronting a redneck bully - I'm still white - and while facing that is right - I was still safe - unfairness breeds this	1
@LittlyMinogly there's no need to be such a bully just cos you're jealous! #WeLoveTina!	1
Christian Right Calls Al Franken a Liberal Bully for Exposing Their Big Lie http://tinyurl.com/3zvgpox	1
fan, not here to defend him. I just don't agree to cyber bullying. It's a coward's way to defamed a person. Be smart	1
@CunninghamLaura @irefayer this I akin to cyber bullying !!	1
love mean by taylor swift. as a child i was bullied. but now i'm going to a private college. take that Destiny T.	1
oh you're just a bully! #DFKM	1
I remember when someone told me that private colleges r better than state schools coz they bully in the state schools...b.s!	1
@8LTaylor @____GTFO @8LTaylor lmfaooooo you done pissed this hoe off, she mad. Smh bully. hold on who a hoe?	1
@jessiejofficial I was bullied at school too! I wrote a song, just like you did! Really helped to get it out! Shame mine won't get heard :-(	1
Lol we use to bully him !	1
@iLoveeDome lmbo , i think you just like pickin w. Them . You're a bully -.-	1
Dear hacker, please refrain from bullying my facebook account. Get a life!	1
Im the biggest bully BULLSHIT, go suck his dick Mom.	1
@Convictmyheart HAHAHAAHHAHAHAHA. :P:P:P who.call.you.bully.mehh :P	1
@MeredithMBell Can speak from experience that's invaluable job. Helped me stand up to workplace bully and become published writer!	1
@_gAiL__ She didn't want to do it. I made her. Bullying kids...hours of fun guaranteed.	1
@lingading79 cyber bully.	1
#NoHate  please @haileybaldwin  she sweet amazing cool and talented even @TheCodySimpson  said she cool please stop that like bullying	1
@Um_JB_Doe lol y u wanna mess wit me & be a bully	1
I may bully you but I love you lots. Just like jelly tots!	1
@Bigg_Migo you're a bully lol	1
Haha, yeah, I'm bullying you and sending you obsessive messages. You really don't get it do you? You're blaming me of what you're doing	1
Sooo @CallMehYours Jus Said She Not Mean && Not A Bully Then She Calls Me An A$$ Hole.... #mean	1
After my teaser was released, there were articles saying that I looked like a bully, I was so happy since  (cont) http://deck.ly/~ung6f	1
@LordBrandonMan getting bullied #taintpunch http://yfrog.com/h42uikbj	1
@GabbyEllesse voice ever, and you are so sweet and nice. If being were to bully you its out of jealousy. Like honestly you're amazing. (c)	1
@CatQuack you're just proving that you're the only cyber bully here sunshine	1
@ChachiSparkles me too!![x I miss second grade cause I started getting bullied at 3rd grade /x	1
@MeandTig looks like your the "mean tweeter" and the "cyber bully". Let it go...it's TV! Kelly does fine, with her own hurtful words.	1
#WhenIWas13, I'd got bullied emotionally and physically all the time. One of my most depressing years in life.	1
my stepdad is trying to bully me into stopping smoking...not gonna happen.	1
@Max_Power83 it's not bullying. We are just having fun at your expense. And you aren't crying yet. Haha	1
I'm always being bullied =(	1
Wiretapping eavesdropping Drugs $$$ Laundering  Bullying @v_simmons is what @Revrunwisdom does in his spare time  tinyurl.com/6aq8ewu	1
@huephuong_MCR almost everyone I know has called me ugly. And I've been bullied too	1
@ILoveeeLadyGaga sweet!! I play soccer&dance; I'm Canadian ; been bullied for 5 years. ; saw gaga at the mmvas (:	1
sooyoung being violent, yoong being bullied, sica's just staring, sunny's laughing, maknae's being maknae, hyori is stopping fany from	1
That's just disgusting. There's been things like Slag Lists go round etc. but this is just too far. It's actually sick. It's bullying. Ugh.	1
i am not about to play wit yhu @SamIamHerMister! myi biq sis is a bully	1
Looks like the police r up to there usual bullying again	1
Lol Thanks :) *thinks. Im.not a bully!! "@Greatness_isMe: Goodluck to my best bully @_torimonique"	1
@Liban_93 is fuckn Twitter Bully, die slow u grenade launcher	1
@Lucha_Deer Oh wow, I managed to bully a man 8 years older than me. SCORE ;) Now bring me Wine Gums, Jeeves! xx	1
@Taylordriftaway I can bully u around since you are a freshman and i am not!	1
Having to watch what I tweet now because of @ellemccxo and @DanDanCoops bullying me last night	1
Listening to a news reporter and his camera crew being bullied out of the way by some youths from Tottenham whilst they report live. LOL.	1
@JustCallMeAJ over here bullying the fuck outta @ChrisCofield24	1
@rosiebunny @MariaBarrett yep, it's that pesky 'red tape' that actually keeps workers alive and protected from bullying bosses	1
@impimmy you are such a bully!!! pls try to be as nice as me for once! xD	1
BIATCH stop bullying @christellelin !!! WE DON'T LIKE U!!!	1
@MissRammie strongly disagree! Croft was a nuisance to the Birmingham midfield, Cwyka would of been bullied and gone missing	1
This guh @milahdenise talkin real reckless on this here twitter. Tryna cyber-bully a nigga lol	1
@Tez_SofakingFly dude leave my knee alone ! Gosh you bully	1
@SoShiSzun @chucksterchun oh wow ! So detail? Haha . Okok! So must be omk lah? But still , don't bully him . He's actually damm sad.	1
Had teachable moment @ pool today w/ son: not let other kids #bully him into giving up his pool toys. Boy, this #pa... http://tl.gd/c7hi3t	1
She look like she bullied people all thru skool! Thick hand ass!	1
@brie461 they say I'm mean because bullies act like victims when they are caught. they can't see they're wrong, that is why they bully	1
Just realised my mother is nothing more than a bully. Awesome.	1
@richardiurilli It's his way of getting revenge. I bully him so hard.  I take my job as his designated older "sibling" very seriously.	1
My leg healed for a few seconds..it didn't hurt what so ever.. Is it because of @D3V1LBOYZzz magical power? Maybe I should bully u more..	1
Guys @CwynW is bullying me while i'm ill ;)	1
Motorist picks the wrong cyclist to bully http://bit.ly/jLFAmv via @Wash_cycle @StreetsblogNet	0
@Locko8668 Never saw the BB Cameron was in. She was the best of a bad bunch and nearly last standing, Couldnt let bully boy Rex win	1
@BaseballSwagger :'( TK's such a bully..	1
I don't understand who would bully vinny, he's just so amazing! D: and flipping adorable! <3 @VinCastronovo	1
I'm honestly sick of all these people who start Twitter accounts just to bully random people. Its really stupid.	1
Lmfao my nephew is the biggest bully, and he's only 4 lmbo!	1
Ginger hit herself in the face after bullying me. #karmabitchez!	1
aww, my simba gets bullied.	1
@SlipperyWhnWhet Almost makes me want to cyber bully that person off Twitter but he'd just come back with a new name & an old bag of tricks.	1
@_FeliciaaHARRIS not really yu completely said ima bully u and my answer waz ok (got me twisted)	1
Take away @Revrunwisdom 's collar power & dollars then ask him WHO is he? A bully & Just @diggysimmons dad that is all. http://bit.ly/Pogew	1
@UhOhItsJordyn okay . Shoot me ! Cuz your making it seem that i shouldnt live anymore. Whos the bully now?	1
Tchr says she cheated cuz she was bullied by admin - http://ow.ly/1voUAw - I hear her saying testing is not lrng. #edchat #edreform	1
@nataytayrow no what happened? I saw that she created it to Bully someone... And apparently bully is not in the dictionary "Billy"	1
@jcgloves u da biggest bully on twitter	1
Ade's a bully	1
felt bullied today... is it me being sensitive or not??	1
@whocares109 u r horrible and Sick in the head. Stop bullying @pariisjaxn u r such a classless ignorant moron. (cont) http://tl.gd/c7891r	1
@JackAllTimeLow hahahaha you are a professional bully since a kid, now everything makes sense.	1
@super8lover0601 @thezachmills ya I get bullied a lot and #bullies make people feel really bad	1
I dnt get cyber bullying. Yeah it's bad 2 bully ppl on the Internet but if u dnt want it 2 happen, why wud u be on social networking sites	1
@Merrygoldmania Yes..there's a black cat in the garden now. I reckon thats Jessie's bf. Nah Cuthberts been bullied out of it LOL x	1
@iiGmoneyy lol stop being a cyber bully lol :p	1
#Itreallymakesmemad when my friends r bullied by idiots who thinks that their better then anyone else.  =_=	1
@RockyII there was too much bullying and fightting going on and i had enough plus it's Ramadan too	1
i wish people didnt bully other people :/	1
@bbcsportsound He isn't talking nonsense Jim. You know exactly what he is talking about, bullying takes many forms as you should know.	1
I can never understand what pleasure these idiots get out of bullying and threatening people on twitter.. :(	1
@SoHighSkyLow Why I Gotta Be A Bully & A Player? Lol.	1
Watching drillbit taylor :p is it bad that I think the bully is hot xD	1
Lmaoo my daughter told my son "get OFF my mommy" -__- loll she's such a bully wen he's not bullying her	1
BUT I'm no Bully	1
#GomezFact Selena got bullied at school cause she was in Barney & Friends. Well look where she is now, haters dosnt win.	1
No one shud ever allow their stepmom to bully them.. If u scared to speak up go into crazy mode!	1
I don't know why she's always bullying me when I'm down ..	1
@courtneysadders it was hot right?;) hahah he told me he hated me:( bully!xxx	1
@theZhuhead who call you yesterday bully me ! Ask till no saliva you end up go watch C America with others!	1
Whoa this @xHafo ._. STOP BULLYING ME ZZZ	1
We now live in a third world economy. S&P bitch-slaps Obozo for trying to bully them; downgrades US credit rating!	1
@jewemeh ahahaha XD you iz gonna get bullied.	1
Who else think I'm a bully? LOL I got a bad rep outcheaa, cuz I'm nice as hell	1
Selena gets bullied, hated, judged, and death threats. And yet she still continues to stay strong and stays classy.	1
S/O to da kids dat are rejected bullied talk about outcast etc. u r da ones dat are goin to be something someday	1
@ouhyeahadel what happened fon!? You ok? Who dare to bully you? don't let things get you down! Rejoice for God is good still! :)	1
Mariah is a little bully.. http://myloc.me/mcj1W	1
@leyicet Ut-oh! Im a drama queen.Not the mean spirited stuff, just like 2 act.I've been on the receiving end of girl bullying drama tho.	1
Marcus The Bully .	1
@TrueAlexLambert Hahaha! Niiiiice! The bully's down - and you win!	1
i have been bullied for as long as i can remember for my looks, the way i dress, my makeup...i refuse to take it anymore!	1
@MyNameIsJonnii don't hate, you always used to make fun.. now they finally look full and you're making fun? you're a damn bully.	1
@EmilyOsment You are an AMAZING actress and your will power in Cyberbully makes me want to help other people who have been bullied like me..	1
both my friends got #RETWEET by @RichardWisker4 ima cry & cry forever their bullying me now :( so hope he #RETWEET this #SWAG	1
Tiger JK keeps getting bullied by his son, lol his son damn hyperactive la omg	1
i be bullying my lil sister	1
This littul chicka tryin to bully me  lol	1
in the house. So I had a broken family and friends that didn't gave a fuck on me. I mean, they bullied me and I was nevertheless hanging [c]	1
Just had my first experience watching 18 minutes of Basketball Wives. Tami is a bully, and I can't waste my life on this. #WildWingBack	1
@Megz_TT_TW because someone's bullying my sister and she thinks it's hilarious x	1
I really am, even the people I bully too. Now I have to find new people to pick on. I know y'all happy! Lol	1
@daeesterrr_ lmboooooo BULLY!!!	1
@bella_jella97 I'm in middle school, and yes I'm a bully victim too sorry! I know it's horrible!	1
@JayyThePilot Bully !	1
@seanwynn oh wow!! I'm sure you miss us bullying each other around! Next time I'm in town you, @clairecollins28 & I need to go to sugers ;)	1
@izackchan: Real friends bully each other without offense damn true	1
@super8fan1 I know right! What's the point for bullying someone to make yourself feel better?	1
I could not be bullied by some mean girls I would punch the shit out them hoes	1
They're bullying me. = = x)) http://t.co/MQ4EuIA	1
@_1Dinfection You don't need to be a bully though, do you? How would you feel if you had all these people saying horrible things to you all	1
Hahaha my mum gets so bullied in my house	1
happy Bornday @NIkiElaInEiNc aka Bully enjot to the fullest	1
@KoldDevil bully!!!	1
I was just threatened by _____ . She's a BULLY ! O_o lmaoooo	1
Kelly Osbourne Goes From Fat to Big Fat Bully at Deceiver.com http://bit.ly/n4DlEH	1
I Am The Victim Bria ! I Just Be Chillin' Trying Not To Get Bullied Or Hoed. Lol	1
My daughter & nephew Fighting ! My daughter is a bully !	1
@angelasimmons @v_simmons ur dad is a FAKE! Fooling the public screwing folks literally & he is a voyeur bully & stalker	1
@Taschanne did bully just wish me happy birthday maaaad! x	1
@piratesswoop Would YOU bully the son of the man who defeated The Dark Lord?! (Unless you were his older brother!) Methinks he'll be ok ;-)	1
@Lishstick As if! How do I bully you!? You constantly mock me! Even the mars bar thing!!	1
@BillionairDream lmao fuck u talkin bout i act the same! u aint never got past my bully exterior	1
People don't know when 2 stop!!! People need stop bullying it is getting annoying!!!	1
Dennis Rodman was a crazy ass bully ..	1
@portiamercedesx I'm sorry but it had 2 b verbalised...how do I bully(puppy dog eyes) I get bullied I'm a victim of life x	1
This nigga @Adonis_Abstract just tried to bully me for my Mucho Mango Arizona	1
Dubs bullying Tyrone Cian O'Sullivan as sweeper having a stormer connolly untouchable #GAA	1
@6ft8_Dwarf someone in my hometown i managed to bully into spending time with me lol.  It starts at 8, i thought that was quite late	1
Can help all those in workplace bullying situations to find a comfortable place to exist. http://www.equalityedge.org.uk	1
INSOMNIA-P lease let me be,Why you being such a bully?I Refuse to let you be the Boss of me!! #Downs2ndS leepingPill#.	1
@ladygagaz :( bully	1
Lmao @AintDatWayTwice @marleymeks said I was a bully in highschool lol like she wasnt slanging packs & thuggin #Aim4Peace	1
@TomasPano is a bully at work, but hates when you bully him back.	1
@emmmxo_ hehe yeah mahnn, sometimes not horrible but today you were:( your such a nice girl..bully;)	1
lmfaoo , is tonya bullying mary??	1
@carolynnicolexo :O Im not a bully!	1
@FUCKWITMEtylee it does suck... Ibeen getting bullied my whole life	1
@carouselcarouse --ive been seriously bullied in the past where people would treat me like a kid the same way, so it affects me a bit WOOPS	1
@Laynees_A_Loser I know xD I am not a bully, you are the bullly :P Don't make me go all Destrey on you xD	1
@Yellowwmustache someone bully me............ :'(	1
@jessiejofficial Yesterday on @alancarr chatty man your song inspired me I've been bullied my whole life ur an inspiration.	1
@Kirby_Leigh yes I know very good story line!! She did cause get bullied :-( #poorJessie	1
@chynasia_bitch is a CYBER BULLY	1
Also the video about Turdis was in direct response to him abusing and bullying a(@YouTube http://youtu.be/3kazYwnmauI?a)	1
No, it's not going down like that. I don't care who you are. I'm not gonna be bullied by you. I give you respect, and I deserve the same.	1
#WhenIWas13 sad memory. I was bullied and i cried a lot :s	1
@jennyzhy yea, I get bullied like always by those older kids.	1
Lol. I'm about to call the cyber bully hotline, & report all yall Twitter names. Beef on that.	1
I feel like a big bully but I'm only 5'5 so how can soo much anger exist in me.??	1
Oh em gee! Me bully?! Very incorrect I'm a sweetheart :)	1
Speaker at Tea party Rally:They made it about collective bargaining, it's about collective bullying.  We are not going to be bullied anymore	1
BBC NEWS: wow the reporter is being bullied now .. No 'bully van' to save him EISHH	1
....my mommy is such a bully	1
@Eli_FlockaJames I can't! I'm not a cyber bully. Sad face. Lol.	1
@WildYetDivine she's just a little hater hypocrite. Her tweets were full of hate to anyone. It's called being a bully.	1
@Lakeside_ why are you and @IzienTheFreak bullying me this evening..the SI unit of evil ? That's a tad much :(	1
@neiltyson @BillMaher Cool! nTyson on 2 podcasts nxt wk! Don't let bill bully you, just cuz he's got a throne in the middle.	1
#wheniwas13 i used to bully my sister @_hakoona_matata , and i still love to do dat !!	1
Photo: Fell in love with whatever this monkey thing is. He was being bullied by the other monekeys who... http://tumblr.com/xqw3xsmkwo	1
@AintDatWayTwice you we're a BULLY in highschool, don't forget to mention lol	1
@Taylor_Tot91 @marvintodd901 really I just wanna bully you	1
@mieke14 is bullying me :'(	1
@jeff_gluck He is a damn big bully	1
@momarazzi95 Respect to you and Zach. Bullying should never be tolerated in any form. Have a nice day, Kerry :)	1
#WhenIwas13 I was talked about, laughed at, bullied & once jumped.	1
Phat sad lonely is how @reverunwisdom feels most of the time so he gets his kicks on here by bullying then uses his power offline 2pay flks	0
by nightmarish visions and is bullied by the student Eom Ji-yun (Choi Ah-jin). Eun-su finds it difficult to get respect in the classroom and	1
@JanielleeeStarr MUST PUNISH YOU AH . FOR BULLYING PRISCILLA >:]	1
im bullyed :(	1
I den raised my son @ShawnCollins30 to be a bully..so watch out bitches	1
@NightSkies_ you say can let me bully right! :@	1
#WhenIWas13 it was the last year I got bullied for being FAT! Now look at me.  :P	1
@luvvieig @areefuhstanklin Oh... so I guess what I will be doing is PURPOSEFULLY NOT WRITING! ain't gon' bully me!	1
@LuxoryClassy lol I'm not a bully man.	1
"Tormented," a powerful piece by Charlotte Lunn, was inspired by years of bullying she experienced in school http://t.co/heaDCeZ	1
Ariana's first play date.... Bullying already... Stealing people's socks!! Hahahaha! #babies  http://instagr.am/p/Jf0IA/	1
i was threaten that i was gonna be called by the cops, all due cus of cyber bulling	1
I was bullied #wheniwas13 but now I am the OFFICE bully!!	1
@ICONIACATTAKNO Cause I'm a good person and trying 2 get u guys 2 stop bullying ppl online it cruel.	1
Why people always trynah bully me ?	1
@aRAREcommodity_ lol I don't feel bullied, my head just gets real hot LOL	1
@GaemGyu oppa save me from @Lenahyukjae because she always bullied me everyday...T.T	1
@Stephaniee94_X well one of her mates have been emailing me on Facebook asking if she got bullied at our school but I bet she told (cont	1
YES it's Bully Ray @SMARKRAGE do you happen to know Bully Ray's real name?	1
#BackInTheDay i use to bully the bigger kids that always fucked with my homies back in Kindergarten	1
@SydneyLove11 Needs to not be a bully. #asshat	1
@teentoday lol at you. you beg the wanted to tell their fans to stop bullying you, yet you come out with shit like that?	1
Lol Kiara you just a bright ass bully	1
Was hopin to chyll w/ my bf 2nite ...but ohh no he in Bully...smh ohh ok	1
funny how the person that bullies you in elementary is ugly as fuck in high school, and your high school bully, a loser in college...	1
BULLYING THE CHUBBY COUPLE DAMN FUN LEH :D	1
I stopped being a bully 2 weeks ago.	1
Do you want to teach your kid that it's OK to make a scene and bully cashiers over a .45 cent Happy Meal toy? Such entitlement, it's sad.	1
@JohnPaulFans thankyou and just pictures of you maybe holding a sign or video saying words do hurt or stop bullying stuff like that	1
@ReyCamp hahaha aww like that... U know I'm that Mexican bully...	1
@letselenasmile i dnt get it when ppl bully u dnt stand u have to do something	1
@rockferzy *Bullying xD	1
#Itreallymakesmemad when they keep on bullying me..	1
my anut is in the hospital and might die, and my cousin just got cyberbulled and crying her eyes out. </3	1
@iainlee go and tell them to stop being a pair of bully's!	1
@cidergirli for a while I did. when I was bullied pretty horrifically. but it made me put my head down and work hard. :-). x	1
@mosleytribe @SugarShaneM Well If he threw More Punches at Floyd we would have gotten an exciting Fight..but he let the little guy bully him	1
@iamnotnickmills your laughter cuts like a knife...quit cyber bullying me you dick!!	1
Whoever bullied Justin last time, i bet they've really regret it d: haha . He was a zero but now he's our hero 	1
Watching drillbit taylor @PortableShua plays a great bully.	1
The #democrats got beat up again by that big fat republican bully in the schoolyard. Barry will stand tall the next time.That'll be the day.	1
@Fino76 @SiobhanRooney stop being a bully, fino!	1
#Bahrain :A Smart Little Kid #Saudi & #UAE :The Protective Parents #Qatar :The Selfish Bullying Kid Nxt Door #Iran :A Sick Retarded Criminal	1
@StevieJBee I know :( and this is called cyber bullying	1
@OmarCollabrone How can you cyber bully me??????????????? #OhNoes	1
@chongi123 I want to use cannot? :( Bully me!	1
@xfqh hahaha. K la don't bully u. So tuesday how.$	1
But knowing me I bully tru d line to d top,but then it was a dead stop with thousands of ppl,I cudnt move	1
@MarkusFeehily  http://lockerz.com/s/126894814 I watch my little girl live her life after bullying and abuse ty for supporting this cause xx	1
@LivinLifeICONic yep! But i'm never forgetting this day! He may think dat he wuzn't cyber bullying but he wuz! I'm never forgettin dat...	1
@aaryn31flavors exactly aha , but I feel you . Aha I've been called a bully a few times aha !	1
Byron is bulling me lls -_________-	1
@Hana24KLove it's been A VERYYYYY LONG TIME I haven't bully Danny TTT^TTT  Danny: STFO girl *smacks*  Maya: *cries* T______T	1
@Crazii_BRATz oshit bully part 2 ok lol. am goin to try to slid thru	1
@Arica_LaMagna @d_alburecht no he isnt he usually gets bullied	1
It's funny to see my 22yr old brother get bullied by a 4 yr old	1
@irksra okay, when she phones back just tell her the facts straight out about your situation. don't let her guilt trip you or bully you, ok?	1
cyber bulling....i peep.finally i realize im not the only one good at it.lol.	1
@emmieOT like two I feel like a big bully but he's really annoying me loool	1
You people do realize that by you bullying Katy Perry just make you a hypocrite to what you believe in &to what Gaga has taught you?	1
@_Scorpio_xxx I've never seen myself as anything else I guess being bullied all ur life takes a toll	1
@thechewandvomit @delibernation @spinsvixenella She is clueless about bullying	1
Whenever I was sad or needed a kind word he was there.. Now he's the neighborhood twitter bully lol	1
@hotboybilly why are u being so mean! Ur a bully!	1
Rumor has it that bull Kareem is "on my head". I thought he was over that ass whippin i gave him. Fuck it. He kno's where I live.	1
a person that used to be my best friend just came knockin on my door?!.. hmm, okay so when where you when i got bullied in school?	1
@hausofrobert  I don't read the comments on Gaga s Videos anymore Haters try to bully by saying bad things ignore them	1
@chowdownATL that hurts! Bully!	1
- mye brother think he could bully me into qettin him a poptart . i think nt !	1
@AndyEaston85 Love how we are teaching the Bullshitters a lesson in football. Miss Bully and his message board posts.	1
@Crazii_BRATz read u an ya ya brother tweet lol you #bully	1
Been bullied into watching a scary film, I love my friends!	1
@UNdeadHolly I suppose that will have to do. Bully	1
@Kazza1878 ahahahaa gettin bullied on twitter. hate my life! tellin ginge not to marry you now! x	1
@riley_griffiths @TheZachMills I have been bullied at times an its not fun so i know how it feels. And if some1 created account to bully ug	1
The poor hamster got bullied and his ear bit off awww bless him!	1
I started cutting when i was in 7th grade 'cause people at school everyday bullied me. #SaturdayNightConfessions	1
I aint no bully! You was talking reckless so i was ready to give you them hands!!	1
@FoxySharingan Because he was being cyber bullied hard.	1
@Bitch_uBeenaFan: @DJKOOTZ wat club???????<----- FUCK AS BULLY MAN FUCK THIS SHIT I ONLY CAME CUZ THESE NIGGAS WAS CRYING AND SHIT LOL SMH	1
"I used to get bullied by the popular girls in my school. Today, I am the popular one, and my bullies go to my shows." - @LadyGaga.	1
Kerstin is being a food bully.	1
@tvsuperstarr Don't let the boss bully you into overtly dramatic shots and cold leftovers! @noreservations	1
Always bully her	1
@loyalsusie58 Lol def! ;) And its no prob! U or any other loyals need help, I'm here! I love Criss as well, and no one should be bullied!!	1
@Chijy025 dont bully me on twitter :( i preffered it on facebook.. Js.	1
@Tiny_Xoxo bully , inns report yu to the Twitter authorities	1
Collins was the biggest bully ..that is all	1
Ask @Revrunwisdom y his pride won't let u receive the very thing money can't buy? Not based on fame just bcuz u r here on the planet BULLY	1
@kisskissto1D @tomlinson_love is a bully and has a gaay laptop!:)	1
@eZhenKHJEN Walao you see la, you bad friend, bully again :( :( :( I am lor, don't deny the truth!	1
Haters, you have to learn the difference between BULLYING and DEFENDING	1
Video: Kevin Durant Gets Flushed On By Geoff Aka Big Bully At Dyckman! http://t.co/6y4DKPT via @worldstar	1
I feel bad that Greyson got bullied in school to.. but good thing is.. he didn't get bullied that much :) 	1
stop making fun of amy winehouse and michael jackson, #rickcastellano is a bully.	1
Santos denies bullying farmers http://t.co/L6n6MND @amworldtodaypm #lockthegate	1
@MrAisagbonhi. Erm...I'm kinda scared bcos @MrAisagbonhi is a bully	1
@Gracebrixton ha bully back? ;)	1
@dimento44 @samdicas both of you stop twitter-bullying little teenage kids #itsnotfunnyanymore	1
@meganpayne_1D does that mean they deserve to be bullied by thousands of bitchy girls? No.	1
@BelieberHoe follow plz help put a stop to bullying and cyber bullying	1
@sonnench leave @AriannyCeleste you bully , have you heard your voice? You sound like a drowning cat crying for help l #comeonson	1
Jarel lied i was never a bully lol hahaha i was always the nicest dude lol	1
Als say he aint a virgin....my ass.  -___-...dat lil bulling fella get to u already??	1
@iBiebsCanada BULLY.	1
@CrazY_jaYsn City is buyin evry player linked to the big clubs, bulling evrybody wit money. Let's wait n c if it will bring instance success	1
everyone in this house can u jst leeve me alone and stop getting ur kicks out of bullying me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Of course I got bullied. Everyone got bullied! Did you get bullied? You know because you got punched in the head.	1
LOOOOOOOOOOOL I LOVE BULLYING THAT GIRL	1
My litto bro is really dumb. He's pretty lame and he just told me that I'm a jerk and now he's hitting my hand ! #Bully	1
@haileybaldwin were in the SAME boat as being bullied!. Sucks huh?	1
Cyber Bulling is a bitch, it doesn't happen to me but i notice it happen to other people. It's really stupid how openly people do it.	1
@justinbieber i need your advice about bullying	1
@OhShitIts_Sasha lol bully	1
lmao Nyia you ain't shit and you're a cyber bully.	1
@Tjprodigy10 Oh awesome. No one should bully. Ugh. :/	1
Lmfao @_KinkyTera  a thug i caint slay her when i say shit she wanna.bully me nd shit lol	1
Lol BULLY >.<	1
Kelly Osbourne Goes From Fat to Big Fat Bully: In case you dont spend your free hours hanging on every vapid de... http://bit.ly/nPtbCn	1
@SHAWTYBAD3223 is a bully ! Someone gon shoot her big head ass !	1
@mcppresident ohhhh the so-called bullying tweets? I don't find them THAT extreme lol they're not brats--they're judgmental you-know-it-alls	1
I remember I use to BULLY some lame ass back in 5th grade named uh.... Floyd... Mayweather... Yeah thTs his name! He was so small!	1
@AliasHorowitz hmmph, I don't want none! Bully!	1
@Charlottesph even though that girl was being a bully, zachs mom was kind of rude to you. she should know better than to say that.	1
@RMcIlroyGirl  awww that's really sad well at least the bullying has stopped for you, just stand up for what is right!, yea I hate it (c)	1
Fuck Hoes, Dumbass's, Sluttts, Dicks, Whores, Conceded Bitches, Wanna Be's, Bully, Pussies, And Justin Beiber's.	1
Minhwan gets bullied 24/7. Dude I love you say LEDApple is shining above my cousin has lips.  http://t.co/A8QwD1F	1
@J_Fleetwood who do you think????? Complete psycho I can't stand who bullied me relentlessly for two years?	1
@BeaW12 you gas a lot why are you denying it LOL and NO i DON'T know what that means as many other words in the world so? u bullying me now?	1
@KylePhilip leave the legend that is @themichaelowen alone #bully	1
@Aiyonaaa_ aha, I'm glad I was w/ you tonight :). Even tHough your a bully :/	1
@_huii_ 10 of me?? Nono I am one unique camel! Haha...who's bullied u?	1
"@Sweetie_Niesha: So Im getting bullied via twitter by @TheVicSmith	1
This is a frightening Bullying story about how our Police have behaved  @ianpuddick  we should send him our support @blockem1 #bullying	1
@dubuchan awww fat nerdy girl who always being a bully target duchan lol	1
@TeddySmile23 , BULLY !	1
@IdBangDaSykzta haha totally. After all we're usually the least bully ones.;) so peaceful and calm is good.;) x	1
@juicystar007  Blair, I just watched ur 10th grade vid. I was bullied when i was little % now im gonna start my own beauty vids @freinchy2	1
Hopefully I won't be dreaming about having a gaff with just ex's and peeps who bullied me again 0_0	1
@KurtHummel0 M: He bullied you because you're a freak. And that's all there is to it.	1
`-This is not ``creative``.  Those are the dictionary definitions of the terms ``insurance`` and ``ensurance`` as properly applied to ``destruction``.  If you don't understand that, fine, legitimate criticism, I'll write up ``three man cell`` and ``bounty hunter`` and then it will be easy to understand why ``ensured`` and ``insured`` are different - and why both differ from ``assured``.The sentence you quote is absolutely neutral.  You just aren't familiar with the underlying theory of strike-back (e.g. submarines as employed in nuclear warfare) guiding the insurance, nor likely the three man cell structure that kept the IRA from being broken by the British.  If that's my fault, fine, I can fix that to explain.  But ther'es nothing ``personal`` or ``creative`` about it.I'm tired of arguing with you.  Re: the other article, ``multi-party`` turns up plenty, and there is more use of ``mutually`` than ``mutual``.  If I were to apply your standard I'd be moving ``Mutual Assured Destruction`` to ``talk`` for not appealing to a Reagan voter's biases about its effectiveness, and for dropping the ``ly``.There is a double standard in your edits.  If it comes from some US history book, like ``peace movement`` or 'M.A.D.' as defined in 1950, you like it, even if the definition is totally useless in 2002 and only of historical interest.  If it makes any even-obvious connection or implication from the language chosen in multiple profession-specific terms, you consider it somehow non-neutral...  Gandhi thinks ``eye for an eye`` describes riots, death penalty, and war all at once, but you don't.  What do you know that Gandhi doesn't?Guess what:  reality is not neutral.  Current use of terms is slightly more controversial.  Neutrality requires negotiation, and some willingness to learn.This is your problem not mine.  You may dislike the writing, fine, that can be fixed.  But disregarding fundamental axioms of philosphy with names that recur in multiple phrases, or failing to make critical distinctions like 'insurance' versus 'assurance' versus 'ensurance' (which are made in one quote by an Air Force general in an in-context quote), is just a disservice to the reader.If someone comes here to research a topic like MAD, they want some context, beyond history.If this is a history book, fine, it's a history book.  But that wasn't what it was claimed to be...`	0
`:: the term ``standard model`` is itself less NPOV than I think we'd prefer...:: if it's ``new-age speak`` then a lot of old-age people speak it - Karl Popper, the Pope, etc.  here's Karl Popper's view of this.:: The clearest title for this article would be ``particle physics cosmology`` - but as I say that would require broader treatment of issues like the Anthropic Principle, cognitive bias beyond the particle physics zoo, etc.:: as to accelerators, it's clear that while they are in use, someone is still looking for particles.  So this is not yet a settled ``cosmology`` so certain that we abandon the search... nor is it an arbitrary foundation ontology as you suggest, not subject to question.`	0
True or false, the situation as of March 2002 was such: A Saudi proposal of Land for Peace AND recognition by ALL arab countries was made. The day the proposal was to be made formal by the Arab League was the day the Israeli's under the command of Ariel Sharon began the invasion of the Palestinian self-rule areas. user:Arab.	0
 Next, maybe you could work on being less condescending with your suggestions about reading the naming conventions and FDL, both of which I read quite a while ago, thanks. I really liked the bit where you were explaining why you had no interest in fixing things I complained about because you felt insulted, yet you were being extremely insulting at the time. With any luck, you can learn to be less of a jerk. GregLindahl 	1
This page will need disambiguation. 	0
-Important note for all sysops: There is a bug in the administrative move feature that truncates the moved history and changes the edit times. Please do not use this feature until this bug is fixed. More information can be found in the talk of  and . Thank you. 	0
I removed the following:All names of early Polish rulers are ficticious and therefore this index naming Oda von Haldensleben and her husband Dagome records for the first time rulers of the Polanen tribe. Therefore it is indicated as being the first document of the later developing land named Poland.This is quite a comment. All names are fictitious? It deserves at least some backing. 	0
`:If you ever claimed in a Judaic studies program that ultra-Orthodox Jews don't have rabbis, or don't have synagogues, you would be laughed out of the room. ::I am beginning to see the problem you have. You see, you do not know how to read what other people say without attaching your personal bias to it. Never once did I say that ultra-Orthodox Jews have no rabbis or synagogues. I DID say that the role of the rabbi and synagogue in ultra-Orthodox Judaism is minimal when compared with, say, Conservative Judaism. They are not clergy, in the traditional Western sense of the word. That is a fact. As for synagogues, they exist, but they are not essential. Minyan (a quorum of ten adult males in ultra-Orthodox law) is essential. You can have a minyan without a synagogue, but a synagogue without a minyan is an empty building. You can laugh all you want, but it doesnt change the facts. It may seem strange to you, but take the statement to anyone who actually knows something. I want to know who laughs then. :If you ever claimed in a recognized Judaica studies program that a significant number of ultra-Orthodox rabbis accept and follow Modern Orthodox responsa (instead of their own), people would look at you as if you had two heads. ::Also a silly point. If you were to draw such sharp distinctions between ultra-Orthodox and Modern Orthodox Judaism in a recognized Judaic Studies program, they would not know what you are talking about. A) That statement is false, because responsa in Orthodoxy does not work on the basis of someone's synagogue affiliation. B) What is a Modern Orthodox responsa versus an ultra-Orthodox responsa? C) In cases where things like hashgacha (kosher certification, etc.) are debated, you will find in most cases that it is not a question of responsa. If you know something about responsa literature in general (which apparently you do not), there are degrees of acceptance. For example, halav yisrael (milk under rabbinical supervision during milking to ensure that it comes from a cow). Most modern-Orthodox Jews do not insist on it t on the basis of a responsa by Rabbi Moshe Feinstein who determined that American government supervision is sufficient. Most ultra-Orthodox Jews do insist on it. They do not reject the responsa. In fact, Moshe Feinstein (Reb Moshe, as he was called) was considered the leading halachic authority for the American ultra-Orthodox community in the past fifty years. They will say that the ruling is right BUT they want to be machmir (more strict on themselves, meaning more pious). It is not a rejection. It is simply being stricter. Ovadya Yoseph said women could wear pants instead of skirts. Would any of his daughters or daughters-in-law be caught dead in pants? No way. They are machmir. :You just can't make this stuff up, Danny. ::I dunno. I seem to be giving answers to everything you say, and my answers are based on sources. I am not making things up. I am simply stating things that (no matter how inconceivable it may be) you do not know. :Stop trying to re-make the ultra-Orthodox in your own image. Its not good history. Frankly, I don't care what is on your resume. It doesn't justify writing such nonsense.  RK: Personal attacks. I will say that your intellectual arrogance coupled with your apparent ignorance do not put you in a very good light. In my professional life, I have researched and written extensively on this field, developed relationships  both working and personal  with many of the people involved, and worked on several important documentary films on the topic. I think I have a sense of what NPOV is, and a statement that the ultra-Orthodox ``hate`` the non-ultra-Orthodox just doesn't make the mark. : Is beating the shit out of non-Orthodox Jews an act of love? Is calling them ``worse than Hitler`` an act of love? Is accusing them of creating the Holocaust an act of tolerance? Danny, you can protest all you like, but you obviously so immersed in an ultra-Orthodox worldview that you can't see the forest for the trees. This is violent hatespeech, and it frightens me to see an educuated person making apologetics for it. RK:: Then it must frighten you even more knowing that I was actually there (and on one occasion, actually hit). Why? Because I do not feel the same antagonism that you do? Because I see some distasteful remarks in a certain context? You say in your diatribe that you want everyone to sit together and sing a Shlomo Carlebach niggun. Just answer me this though? Would Reb Shloime have davened in a shul without a mehitza? Oh, and haredi does not mean ``trembling,`` as you originally wrote at the top of the article. In fact, that was kind of funny. You were apparently confused with the film Trembling Before God, which 	0
My apologies  I'm English, I watch cricket, I know nothing. Maybe I was thinking of the time he spent in the Army, or maybe I was thinking of Elvis, or something. I'm glad the page got improved. 	0
`Someone wrote:More recognizable, perhaps, is a type of what is generally called rock and roll called [folk rock]? or simply ``folk,`` which included performers such as [Joan Baez]?, Bob Dylan, Simon and Garfunkel, [The Mamas and the Papas]?, and many others. I've tried to clarify this. ``Folk rock`` is used very specifically and is typically far more recognised by instrumentation than form. Many folk musicians of the 60s (Tom Paxton, Phil Ochs etc) sang new, topical material (which distinguished them from traditional folk musicians) but in the folk idiom (acoustic instruments, traditional arrangements and often traditional melodies.)Re: the comment about ``marketers`` in the first paragraph. If language reflects common usage, what is now called ``folk music`` has as much right to the name as any other form.Gareth OwenTo the latter: fair enough, but does the first paragraph actually imply otherwise? LMSI like the page in general but wonder if the following is unnecessarily cynical (implying, as it does, a financial rather than artistic incentive to change musical styles)::``Some of these performers, of which Joan Baez is an excellent example, began their commercial music careers performing traditional music in a traditional idiom, but soon transformed their style and accompaniment to suit popular tastes.``Ya know, I agree, but I don't know how to change it right off. Anyone else want to give it a stab? LMSThe deletions are merely of things that seemed redundant. Additions may solve the problem of tone mentioned above. One bit of the original puzzles me, so I corrected the grammar but left it inbut what does ``unrecognizable to its source`` actually mean?I like the new additionslots of good new information here. I added some more. The problem now is that the article is rambling and disorganized, and I am probably not the best person to organize and clarify it. BTW, using the word ``purist,`` without the quotes, makes it sound as if the authors of the article are not purists, which we don't want to imply. -) See neutral point of view. LMSPerhaps someone who knows the facts -) could add in ``Skiffle`` music, from whence the Beatles sprang, which was evidently a British folk form in the 1950's.  Certainly the Beatles stole (er, utilised!) many folk forms in their music.`	0
:Correct. Full biographical details will put down his birth details, etc. It is just a marker to me at the moment to detail the WR aspect. He certainly wasn't Belarus; as a geo-political entity it had no real existence at the time. I have put a tbc marker on this article for now. 	0
`Care should be taken to distinguish when and if definitions of ``express`` and ``special delivery`` stamps are written that while in many countries the definition is the same in the United States there is a definite difference between ``Express Mail`` and the (now defunct) ``Special Delivery.`` `	0
:If I may butt in  I've spent the last 1/4 hour following Andre, and I think he needs reining in. I left him a note at the deletion log, with a stern warning.  13:14 Aug 14, 2002 (PDT)	1
On my  you will find the apology that I owe you.  [ shuffles his feet and looks at the floor]	0
`:<>>:I fail to see the distinction.  Who better than legal scholars to define what the law is?  Moreover, my comments in re how legal scholars define the law were a response to your dubious assertion that law qua law can be defined as a ``decision process.``  That assertion has no place in the main law article.:<>:I disagree.  The enactment of a statute falls under the topic of legislation.:<>:These issues are not law qua law; they are topics which should be discussed under the ambit of particular legal topics, such as ``statutory interpretation`` or ``contracts,`` or related topics, such as ``sociology`` and ``political science.``:<>:Law qua law is first and foremost a body of knowledge:  The academic field to which you refer is the study of that body of knowledge, and should be considered as part and parcel of the discussion found in the main law article; the profession of law is the application of that body of knowledge, which should be discussed in the ``practice of law`` article.`	1
gets far more tendentious yet.	0
`As a person who has done some of this activity, I say we use ``bioprospecting``. That is the word I've always used and heard. ``Bioprospection`` seems a bit pedantic to my ears. `	0
It's great that we've found a new source of free information here, but these articles are obviously written for a turn-of-the-century Christian audienceand are, hence, of course, totally biased.  But Wikipedia articles are supposed to be written from the NeutralPointOfView.  I'm not sure what to do here, but if I were you, o anonymous uploader, I would stop uploading these articles and start editing the ones you've uploaded so that they are unbiased (or much less biased). LMS	1
:No, I really haven't heard of either one, at least not that I recall. I've heard of extreme positions, usually in a dismissive and ironic way, but don't really know their details. They really are on the fringe and not held by the majority of feminists. I've been involved with several feminist groups, usually working on local issues, but I am by no means a feminist scholar. I only have a general knowledge about feminism and especially how it is practice within NOW, of which I am a member. I don't follow the literature, for example.I am truly committed to maintaining a npov, and I hope you are too. I'm not convinced of that, though. Please consider making an attempt to carefully state that the beliefs of certain subgroups of feminism are not necessarily beliefs feminists as a whole agree on. Readers will make their own judgement about which beliefs they buy and which they don't. It isn't up to us to steer them one way or another. And have a Happy Holiday! Dmerrill	0
I'd like the concepts of microevolution and macroevolution better related to the debate over evolution. Moreover, I think they are best used as terms that define the debate, rather than concepts in themselves to be disputed.The theory of evolution, if it is indeed scientifically sound (and almost no one here doubts that), should be able to stand on its own merits without you all feeling you must defend it at every point.The various articles which present alternatives to evolution, however outlandish or zany they seem to you scienntists, require merely a link or two each to the accepted science.  Ed Poor	0
I agree, the first one is simply wrong, and the other two are already covered. And I also agree that we have to start getting serious about the math. forumulation -) AxelBoldt	0
Yep, that's Twin cities from which this article originated.	0
`That's another relevant empirical question: if there really are millions of people who would be horribly offended by ``Christian mythology``, then perhaps it's justifiable to avoid the term even if it's otherwise a good term.  But if it's just a few oversensitive ninnies, and most reasonable people can come to accept the non-pejoritive use of the term if it's explained, then I see no reason to avoid it.  I rather like ``Scientific mythology`` personally, and wish it were restored.  LDC`	1
: This sounds right. Historians speak of these people at these times as Jews practiving Judaism. The rabbinic/pharisaic Judaism that was canonized in the Mishna (about 200 CE) is a compilation of teachings from about 200 years before the time of Jesus to about 150 years after. RK	0
Ummm. The article uses imperial measurements, not SI ones. Some translation is apparently in order. -) Anders Trlind	0
 See? I was right! ;-)  	0
:I have checked the licenses, and it is public domain without restrictions. See http://www.tuxedo.org/~esr/jargon/html/index.html 	0
`Changed Macedonia link to Macedon; ancients didn't call their land Macedonia, and the entry we have on ``Macedonia`` isn't useful for Alexander. Should probably have an article on Macedon, and take the one sentence about Alexander out of Macedonia, maybe with a ``see also.`` I don't particularly have a problem with Macedon/Macedonia, but don't the naming conventions suggest that articles be named based on their most popular usage, rather than their most correct usage (if there's a difference)?  Perhaps using Macedonia to refer to recent history and Macedon for ancient history would work (with ``see also`` back and forth)?  BlainMy native language is Greek and I can assure you that Macedon and Macedonia is the same thing. Macedonia is the ``modern`` way to say Macedon. Maybe you should change back the link to Macedonia from Macedon. If the article about Macedonia is not informative enough you could always change it.Just a note about the relationship between Aristotle and Alexander. Those two were two different personalities and they used to clash a lot but Alexander did something that makes me wanter if their relationship was as bad as people think today. While he was invading Asia he would send to his teacher all new and interesting animals that he would incounter in his expedition because he knew that old Aristotle was almost obsessed with the classification of things. The result was that Aristotle formed a kind of a zoo back in Macedonia from the gifts of his student. Now, if young Alexander was so sick of his teacher why did he bother?  Good point.  I think Alexander was complicated enough that trying to determine who he liked and who he didn't (and which was safer) isn't all that easy.  He was known to treat his enemies rather well and to kill his friends when they ticked him off.  I think he might have respected Aristotle and just not wanted to spend time around him anymore.  Just a thought  BlainThe most recent edits to this article are very strange. Why change Egypt to ``Pgypt``??  Why delete the paragraphs that were deleted? Can someone give me a reality check on this? `	0
` :Incidentally, re naming conventions: the only convention I know of that would be relevent here is Wikipedia:Naming conventions (common names), which states ``Use the most common name of a person or thing that does not conflict with the names of other people or things.```	0
`I removed ``from scratch``. In addition to your reasons, it just looks better without it.  02:04 Oct 14, 2002 (UTC)`	0
::I disagree. I would leave it out of the introductory part, since its population (which changes every census) is not nearly as fundamental as the fact that it is in a particular state, its county seat is whatever it is, andstuff like that. Also, if Wikipedia survives till 2010, someone will have to be careful to change it in both places!  BRG	0
`:::: You're onto something important, there. Even the liturgical renewal movement seems to have aesthetics and drama at the center of why traditional forms need to be recovered.  From bible-belt Passion plays to [ Hell House ], there is a definite tie-in with theater in modern ideas of ``church``.  I've visited evangelical churches that have nothing recognizably churchy about them - pure entertainment (movies, football games, mime, concerts, just about anything but rites or sermons) - and it's quite intentional; and I've heard that similar things are happening in trendy Roman catholic churches although I have no experience with that.  Personally, it's repugnant. But, it is fact that this is happening and, it's not a fringe phenomenon. `	1
`I posted this to  because the timeline confused me too.Hey, I tried to clean up the timeline at Vote so it was easier to read and realized I don't know what it's a timeline of. What does it mean when you include the qualifier ``to stand for elections?`` Does that mean in addition to the right to vote? What if the qualifier says ``right to vote``? Also, what is your source? Myanmar was called Burma in 1935, and the FYR of Macedonia did not exist in 1946. I'm pretty sure Croatia, Uzbekistan, Krygyrztan and Kazakhstan did not exist at the time they're on your list as well. What are you referring to? The US is on in 1920, so you're obviously not referring to universal suffrage. You need to explain exactly what this list is talking about, because I had assumed it was universal suffrage.A timeline of the development of voting would be interesting (though it should probably be a separate article), but it needs to be clear at which stages the right was granted to which people (based on sex, race, age, criminal history, political status, etc).  19:26 Oct 21, 2002 (UTC)`	0
:::I don't know where you got the idea that Mt. Airy's in 4 counties. It's only in two. Were you the one, Tokerboy, who added two counties to the two I'd listed when I put it into the Frederick County article?  BRG 10/22	0
`Thanks for fixing the spelling error in ``propaganda``.  I can't believe I did that.  `	0
Ezra, you have got to be kidding with this page. You are taking one of many interpretations of Judaism and giving it sole legitimacy, often with simple rhetorical claims. Even within Orthodox circles many of the views you express are controversial at best (and often considered shtus). Please fix it up or I will do it myself, and I do know my stuff. 	0
`::::: There's nothing particularly objectionable about this to me - however, how ``rough`` is the equivalence?  It seems to me that even on a Septuagint-centric view of the Old Testament, it matters that one believes the Septuagint is the Old Testament of Christianity when there is a difference on some point (and only then IMO).  In those cases, it can be pointed out as emphatically as one would like, that ``the Old Testament of Jesus and of the Apostles, was the Greek Septuagint; and the reason that matters in this case is because the Septuagint was translated to say yada-yada, whereas the Hebrew version is more ambiguous.``   `	1
`::: Pointing out which word is used less than others seems unnecessary. It's not a competition. Each should be a stand alone article, each should be linked to and from the ``discrediting tactic`` article, and each should have basically the exact same wording (if they exist at all). :::Besides, it would be hard to prove which one is used less. People that hate Bush will hear ``Bushism`` more, people that hate Gore will hear ``goreism`` more. If we surveyed the Wikipedia family, I think we'd hear from our fair share of both groups. -jazz77`	0
:::Yet more:  Follow the whole thread if you like. mav	0
:Re: your question about Nieuwpoort. You are right that 'Nieuwpoort' could be translated as 'Newport'. However, I have never seen the city translated as such in English. Some Belgian cities are translated in other languages, others not. I suspect Nieuwpoort is not, and therefore needs not to be disambiguated (but I'm not 100% sure).  19:14 Dec 4, 2002 (UTC)	0
Hi AlexJust thought I ought to mention that not ALL self-links are unwanted - you removed one in List of musical topics that was wanted and its presence was requested on the Talk page. I think there are a few in maths topics which make this clear - something to do with keeping an eye on updates? It's not clear to me how this whole issue works (in fact I thought I'd raise it in the village pump) some time, but thought I should mention it to you anway. Regards  11:33 Dec 26, 2002 (UTC)	0
Early Imperial, Mid-Imperial and Late Imperial China periodization is a way of periodization but not the only way. Supporters of Chinese Marxist interpretations might not agree with that. It's better to put under Periodization of Chinese_historiography so the History of China article will be as NPOV as possible. kt2	0
The references to the Congolese economy seem to be throwing you off. This should not be so. As Ive said earlier, referring to Belgian atrocities in the Congo Free State without referring to surplus value, labor as a commodity and mass-production is like detailing the Holocaust without discussing anti-Semitism.	1
`I cut the following paragraph, which misleads people about biology::A few points are worth clarifying about ``nature`` and ``nurture``. First, ``nature`` does not reduce to anything as simple as ``present at birth``. Height is thought to depend very extensively on genetics, for example, but one is not born adult-sized; one must slowly grow up.The problem is clear in the example: height certainly does manifest itself over time as one ages.  But insofar as height has a ``natural`` component, it is' present at birth in the genome.  It is just that whatever genes code for height do not manifest themselves immediately.  But they are there at birth.The real problem with using height as an example of something that is ``nature`` but not immediately manifest at birth is that height is of course determined by ``nature`` and'' ``nurture,`` or, if you prefer, genes and environment.  this is the whole point of Boas's important studies on height; height is clearly highly heritable, but children of immigrants to the US had much higher average adult heights than their parents, presumably because of better nutrition in the US.I believe nature is best understood as things that are indeed innate (present at birth) as long as we recognize that things that are present at birth genetically may manifest themselves over time.  How else are we to distinguish a physical feature like height (that heritable part of it) from physical features like scars  which appear later in life and do mark the body noticably, but which are clearly not ``natural?`` `	1
Dear Mav:Thanks, bro! God bless you!Sincerely yours,*	0
On Google Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie gets more hits than Vereenigde Oostindische Compagnie which is correct?	0
`That's true. I removed similar passages, which seem to me quite useless, from several other pages at around the same time. Some of those pages had formulaic intro texts that was was definitely biased: ``Please note that these people have been selected for this list because their notoriety was in some way due or connected to their Rastafarianism.`` I simply assumed this page did too. I still think what I deleted should go. Do you think it should stay?  `	0
`:Yes, thanks! I have implemented something similar on the test wiki just yet (instead of the ``enhanced recent changes``). Looks good, but the roll/unroll button doesn't work, partly because of bad Mozilla rendering (see ), partly because of my lousy JavaScript ;-):If you know how to fix it, go ahead!  20:12 Jan 16, 2003 (UTC)`	0
`This page is ridiculous.  The author throws in the words ``or other object``, and that should be most of the article.  Aircraft should perhaps be mentioned at most in a footnote if at all.    Mike Hardy`	1
```2000's: The Jewish blood-libel myth continues to circulate among many Muslim countries.`` - this is the only stuff relevant to present day, though there's lots of historical blood libel content which makes it a good source on the history`	1
MarcusAurelius]]Why exactly was this user banned? 	1
There is no such thing as Christian religiocentrism. Come off it. Please stop making up words and writing articles on subjects which don't exist. Christians are not even an ethnic group!  If you want to write an article on pro-Christian bias, or pro-Christian theology, or pro-Christian antyhing, then come up with a specific idea, a title based on fact, and start writing content that refers to and relies on scholarship. 	1
`:Click on my ``Annoying Users`` link! I guess Massachusetts is a republic, then?  Defending facts against the lies of determined zealots seems to be a particular sticking-place for Wikipedia (   02:58 Feb 21, 2003 (UTC)`	1
`Why do some people want to remove all facts about normal anatamy and function of the prpuce from the Encyclopdia?  Why do people divide prpuce, clitoral hood, foreskin, prepuce, and praepuce into seperate articles when all of these words are just synomyms for the same thing?  We need not fear the truth:``And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free..``(John 8:32)If anyone wishes to write, this is my email-address:``?alabio``  07:28 Feb 25, 2003 (UTC)`	0
The link to SGC Belfry Ted Nude-Gent is dead. Could someone update it to something relevant, perhaps an article on the subject?	0
Really, is it WIntel, this is, W(indows) + INTEL ??	0
`Where's the 24 defendants figure coming from? ``Nuremberg and Vietnam: An American Tragedy`` by Telford Taylor (U.S. Chief Counsel at Nuremberg) mentions 200.`	0
`Am glad you have asserted we are all equal. That is the fundamental operationial requirement to be an open website where no ``community`` can exist to oblige others to do things their way. Also, I hate to break your heart, but 'no one has done a thing on listing the communes of France for quite some time. I did about 8-12 in the last day or so. Are you or others going to finish? Should I stop? .`	0
Is it Gauss or Gau? I still don't know, can someone with deep knowledge of German spellings please step in?  	0
I just save an awful lot -). - fonzy	0
  Iraq is not good  ======  USA is bad 	1
Perhaps it was possible to have dual citizenship, or as you said, maybe he switched back and forth multiple times.  But he certainly did serve as directory of Physics Institute at the Kaiser Wilhelm Society for the Advancement of Sciences from 1914 to 1933.  If he had no alligiance to Germany all that time, indeed it would seem odd (perhaps even unethical) to accept such a high ranking position for nearly 20 years, and enjoy all the benefits.  He certainly developed the bulk of his scientific achievements there.   03:58 Apr 5, 2003 (UTC)	1
I moved this one off the page::A common misconception is that affirmative action is automatically synomous with benefits for minorities. However, majority groups have been afforded affirmative-action advantages, such as for the Fijians in Fiji, and the Malays in Malaysia.That seems counter to the very definition of affirmative action.  By this criterion, the anti-Jewish laws in early Nazi Germany were affirmative action, as were the Catholic penal laws in England in the 18th century?	0
`:Excuse me, what ``name`` did I call you? `	0
::Hmmmnnn... I'm not entirely sure about that definition in the Webopedia. I haven't got any Computer Science reference material to hand but I've certainly seen, for example, plenty of computer hardware manufacturers advertising XXGb hard drives and meaning Gigabyte. However, I can live with it - I'd better change the abbreviation I use in the DVD article which led me here. 15:54 Apr 8, 2003 (UTC)	0
  20:52 Apr 12, 2003 (UTC)	0
Oh the joy of nutters! Anyway, I see the Rachel Corrie photomontage shrine is back. -(	1
```The WTC Towers were constructed almost entirely from steel coated in asbestos, and the attacks released dense clouds of dust into the air of Manhattan. Death usually follows asbestos inhalation only after fifteen years or more - so is possible that other victims of the attacks may die over the decades to come.``I remember either the TV or newspaper specifically saying at the time that the WTC towers didn't contain asbestos, which account is incorrect?`	0
Wow! Quite long dispute. I know from specialist that former Iraqi president full name was Saddam Hussein at-Tikriti. (simplifying to western people first name, second name and surname). In mid-70's he resigned from at-Tikriti because many people used this name to help their careers (they called themselves at-Tikriti) and made call him just Saddam Hussein. This specialist (arabist from Poland) told that it is right to call former Iraqi president just Saddam because this is his name, Hussein and at-Tikriti are to help not to confuse him with other Saddam's.  15:54 Apr 21, 2003 (UTC)	1
Hi Mav, could you please look at the Irish Houses of Parliament. I put images to accompany my text on there. I know they are probably too big (I don't yet have the ability to shrink images yet -( ) but cropping them would cut off important bits of the image. Everyone seems very happy with the contents and images, but some browsers and screens may have problems due to their size. I trust you completely, having seen the standard of your work and would welcome any help you could give to make the images more screen-friendly. PS I hope no damage was done with that electrical storm. lol  22:59 May 10, 2003 (UTC)	0
Thanks for the response. I thought that it would be along the lines of your interests because we often work on similar scopes of articles. I wish that it were because you always contribute to scholarly articles, especially ones with a socio-economic and socio-political dimension lacking in so many others, like Industrial Revolution in its present form. I'd be really happy to see you do a little on accumulation, and I'd be very happy to integrate it with the rest of the text as well. That's exactly what the article needed anyway, namely an analysis of economic processes. 	1
: You're probably right about the modern Greek dictionary. I would extend the period under consideration to between the second century BC to the second century CE, so as to include usage at the time when the Septuagint was translated. But realistically speaking, it probably makes no difference at all to the usage of parthenos, or if it does matter a hair either way the references we have won't be that specific. 	0
:Given that she's one of the triumvirate of Imperial Governors-General of the Conquered Territories, that shouldn't be hard....  16:49 May 15, 2003 (UTC)	0
:I like a good mystery! I think I've localized this (Lavia -> Latvia helped), and cleaned up a bit of language, though I have as yet no verification that either the estate or the stone exists.   20:00 20 May 2003 (UTC)	0
Oops. I'd never even noticed the move page link before. No, I'm not an admin. Only been here a month. It seems longer. -) Anyway, I'll bear it in mind next time, but I'll let you decide if it's worth doing what you suggest in this instance.  08:57 21 May 2003 (UTC)	0
:I am not sure what you mean. Are you saying overpopulation is not an issue of housing or transporation?   15:53 21 May 2003 (UTC)	0
`:You wrote: ``South Jersey... isn't that anything below Newark?. ...``...Now that's one I haven't heard yet.  My external site has a page devoted to this particular question.  I didn't take the northern extreme as far as Newark, but I did take the southern that way, because on the western of the two bridges that go over the Cape May Canal there is a sign in the dead center of the southbound side which shows a dividing line: the word ``Jersey`` in the middle, the word ``South on the left side and the word ``North`` on the right.  Very cute.  That makes South Jersey about 12 square miles.  00:21 25 May 2003 (UTC)`	0
I think this page should include a reference to the important free Go-playing program GNU Go.In the absence of Wikipedia pages describing Go++, Many Faces of Go and GNU Go, why not provide external links to pages describing these programs?	0
How is one to fix the problem with the Schopenhauer nested link? 	0
::I just had a phone conversation with Steve Ignorant and asked him if it's true that Pete Wright was ever with Trapeze in 1976 before Crass in 1977. He said 'yes' it's true that Pete Wright worked with Trapeze in 1976.  	0
Well, it looks like manga for me, has those big eyes ), is black-and-white, takes place in Japan and google (http://directory.google.com/Top/Arts/Comics/Manga/Independent/Online_Manga/) also thinks it's a manga. Taw	0
`Corrected a couple of things: Social welfare policies most certainly don't ``mostly date to the 1980s``. It's difficult to tie them to any perticular decade. There is not ``broad bipartisan support`` for the US alliance. There is broad support, yes, but also a long tradition of opposition. And the UK ties go back further and are still, perhaps, deeper. Then there is the trend to see Australia as part of Asia. And so on. This stuff should go back in, but suitably modified to reflect the actual mix of support - a task I don't feel like taking on tonight. Anyone game? `	0
`  Heller is a good source.Concerning the ``Irgun`` versus ``Lehi`` question you raise, the confusion is resolved thus: when Stern broke away from the ``Irgun Zvai Leumi`` (National Military Organization) he named his new organization ````Irgun Zvai Leumi be-Yisrael`` (National Military Organization in Israel).  This is the ``Irgun`` in his letter.  It was only after Stern's death that the name ``Lohamei Herut Yisrael`` (Fighters for the Freedom of Israel) was adopted.`	0
===Deletion of a phrase ===Last week, a one-time Anon, 218.170.11.195 commented on the difference between the old and new census on the number of Taiwanese of Chinese ancestry:: The disparity in the numbers may be due to racism, the understanding in Han families that children belong to the man and the need by later governments to forge greater ethnic ties to China. [emphasis added]How does patriarchy play a role? Is it implying that Han fathers married aborginal women, whose children they had were claimed by the father and deemed by society to be father's only? This reason is not obvious and whose validity I cannot prove. It requires some elaborate explanations, but then, if so, it'd not fit in the basic intro of Taiwan. Perhaps in better fitted in Census of Taiwan or Demographics of Taiwan. And it requires serious rephrase.  22:20 17 Jun 2003 (UTC)	0
:His tone is interesting; I don't ever recall Jimbo ever giving him the authority to speak for Wikipedia. mav	1
`Another thought - is describing the word as a ``neologism`` superfluous, perhaps? I've always been an advocate of approaching writing a Wikipedia article as if everything you're writing about happened a thousand years ago and is ancient history, because it seems to me that's the proper style for an encyclopaedia, which is intended to be timeless and authoritative. ``Neologism`` is an inescapably relative word - *all* words are neologisms looked at from one perspective in time, soon after they are invented. (All the words Shakespeare invented would be neologisms if you lived in 1630, for instance). I sincerely hope this page will be around in some form in another hundred years, at which point homophobia will no longer be a neologism. I think it's probably sufficient simply to say when and by whom the term was coined. Comments? `	0
`The problem with this page, IMHO, is that it doesn't deal with INDIGENOUS people at all, but rather (for lack of a better word) PRIMITIVE people. As has been pointed out, there are many groups of people which are indigenous (whatever that means) to the areas in which they live but are not indigenous people in the sense the article is written (e.g. most of the inhabitants of the Old World!).I don't care how PC or relativist you are, there clearly is a difference between those cultures and societies which embrace and accept change from the outside and have joined the ``global mainstream``, and those which have not. As for those so-called ``indigenous people`` who have adopted modern ways, I'd make the argument that they're simply then no longer indigenous peoples (in the sense this article and the US uses the term, as misleading as it is).   05:52 25 Jun 2003 (UTC)`	1
Hi JT - just so you know, your bestest friend  left a little love letter for you here (rather abusive it was) - I've reverted it, but thought I'd mention its (temporary) existence. Cheers	0
`Some inconsistencies in usage here.  Please indicate if this is wrong:*sira is the life of Muhammad, during which the revelation (Qur'an) was dictated, and during which he spoke the authentic hadith*sunnah consists of both hadith and sira (example)*hadith are validated by isnah, ``backing``, a science of its own*hadith are extremely significant as social rules and moral guidanceIf this is all so, why aren't there separate links in this article to sira and sunnah, and why doesn't this article list some undisputed hadith?The article on isnah already describes the process, and on early Muslim philosophy already describes the significance of this in the Islamic culture of scholarship.So, this article should be only about the actual hadith, while a sunnah article can be about the use of the sira and hadith in practice today and in history...?It wouldn't matter much except there are some redundancies here with isnah.`	0
`theories about how life on Earth may regulate the planet's biosphere to make it more hospitable to life. This discusses all scientific views on the subject in general, including the views of Drs. James Lovelock, Lynn Margulis, Richard Dawkins, Carl Sagan, etc. Gaia hypothesis- A subset of the above article; this is a discussion of Dr. James Lovelock's ideas on Gaia theory. Gaia theory analogs - A discussion of proto-scientific, mystical and religious views that some people believe are related to Gaia theory. Gaians - A discussion of the small left-wing radical political and environmentalist group. (Of course, other articles could be made as well, if needed.)We must not push mystical, political or religious ideology into our science articles on Gaia theory, Biological evolution, or Quantum Mechanics, etc. All I am asking is that we continue to follow the same disambiguation and NPOV policy that we also have followed.  Is this clear?  22:47 2 Jul 2003 (UTC)2 quick points. 1) I think everybody here is missing a common scientific manner of using ``Gaia theory``. I believe many use it like ``game theory.`` As in, they don't always talk about ``a game theory`` or ``the game theory.`` 2) Separate articles is not the only precedent on Wikipedia. See neutral theory of molecular evolution. I believe practically one of the first things to say about this scientific theory is that a whole lot of non-scientists took it as a direct challenge to Darwin, even though it appears that it's authors did not mean it to be. I put it in the first paragraph.  00:11 3 Jul 2003 (UTC)`	0
`Hi Ant, I was just wondering why you did not put anything at all on your ``Homepage``. Sometimes it is nice to know who you are talking to, but the first line I saw on your page was the ``ban``-line... I look forward to learn something about you, your articles and comments gave me a good impression. Greetings from Munich,  12:56 3 Jul 2003 (UTC)PS: I think, if you sign with three ``~`` instead of ``Ant`` it is easyer to understand who wrote the comment.`	0
`Great start . I'm a ``newbie`` (a.k.a.: F.N.G.) to Wikipedia, so bear with me. I'd be glad to communicate with you on this article/subject. Here's why I've deleted/replaced a couple of your phrases/sentences:``...figurative language uses more poetic senses.``Although it's used a lot in poetry, figurative language is used in a lot more contexts than just poetry. When I shake my fist at someone on the freeway and call them an ``a__hole,`` I'm using figurative language (the figure of speech is synecdoche) without being poetic in any sense of the word.``In literal language, truth conditions work out well, while in figurative language, they may not.`` IMO the definition of terms in this sentence will be unclear to most general readers of an encyclopedia. What are ``truth conditions``? If it's a technical term, we'd better define it.Also, I moved the following to this page-== To add ==* Why would someone want to divide language into literal and figurative? What is gained thereby? (Lakoff provides some insight here.)* Why would people prefer not to view language with this divide?* How does this connect to theories of truth?``-These are all needed additions. The last one, especially, shows the importance and relevance of this subject to a broad range of disciplines, including theories of knowledge, cognition, language development, etc., etc.And now....here's an explanations for one of my suspect assertions -)``Some have boiled down the more than two hundred and fifty figures described in classical and traditional linguistics into two: metaphor and metonymy.``I know this from research, and my additions to Further Reading document reflect the ``classical and traditional`` end of this statement. But I need to go back and document which modern analyses have done the boiling specifically.  Tuesday, July 8, 2003, 12:45 CDT.`	1
`Please note that your comment that ``What you are saying is that YOU have never heard of Exeter. This is your problem. Perhaps you should read [1] and enlighten yourself. Whatever, my point remains that the word Exeter is most associated with Exeter in Britain, and this is the convention.`` is more insulting than my characterizing a tiny place of 100,000 as a ``jerkwater town.`` which it is! I know more about British geography than 99% of Americans - I remember in an online chat with some guy from Sheffield that he was surprised that I knew Sheffield was a city, as I was the first American he'd spoken to who had even heard of it. I think _you_ should enlighten yourself. You referred to a Google search that found most of the links to the name Exeter referring to the city in the UK. What proportion of those were from sites in the UK? If you can find even _one_ site anywhere that is put up by someone outside the UK that uses ``Exeter`` unqualified to refer to the one in England, and does not preface that with some reference to England, Britain, or the UK (to make it clear that he's talking about UK places!) I would like to see it!    July 10, 2003`	1
`The map availability theory is an interesting one, and worth considering. This whole thing dates to the early days of the ramblers, and the recreational interest in the landscape (as opposed to those too busy trying to live in it)On finding ley-lines, it took me a while to hunt it down, but this is a passage I remembered from John Crowley's excellent novel gypt: Star temples and ley-lines, UFOs and landscape giants, couldn't they see what was really, permanently astonishing was the human ability to keep finding these things? Let anyone looking for them be given a map of Pennsylvania or New Jersey or the Faraways, and he will find ``ley-lines``; let human beings look up long enough on starry nights and they will see faces staring down at them. That's the interesting thing, that's the subject: not why there are ley-lines, but why people find them...Actually I think the point of the statistical argument was that proponents quote extremely low probabilities that the alignments that they find could have arisen by chance: but out of the set of all possible alignments selected from (semi-)random points, there will be a number (perhaps a majority) of low probability ones.. ``Million to one chances turn up nine times out of ten``.   00:07 12 Jul 2003 (UTC)`	0
`Sorry, but I'm not sure where you mean by ``at the tertiary bigtop`` (above, below?) so here are my comments.You asked: ``Is 3kg really so bad?``  I'm not sure which article you are referring to, but I presume you are questioning why I put a space in between the number and the kilogram symbol.  I guess my question back is, what do you mean by ``really so bad``?  Is it so bad that it is a major problem, seriously degrading the quality of the article?  Probably not.  Is it against accepted style, potentially harder to read, and very easy to fix?  Yes.  It can be much easier to read if there is a space there (which is why that is the accepted style).  This can be very important if someone gives a number of liters and they use the lower case L, since it looks like a 1.  06:41 20 Jul 2003 (UTC)      `	1
::Thanks. While I'm attemtping (without any training) to apply psychiatric diagnoses to a fictional robot I've pointed out that he's not (strictly speaking) paranoid. 	1
Hi Sannse, I answered you question on the talk:Whippet page, sorry for forgetting to add the OK -)  19:53 27 Jul 2003 (UTC)	0
Wikipedia is banned? Why?  	0
`::I've been considering the proposed version, which is far more consideration than anyone ever gave to my better-written draft. I'm willing to consider it as a basis for revision, if only  will actually enter into collaborative exchange rather than automatically rejecting all but ``minor edits`` and asking - yet again - that people be ``stopped`` from contributing substantive improvements.  `	1
Do you think European Union should have the form of the Wikipedia project countries?  	0
*207.44.148.201 was  who forgot to log in. With the advent of personal computers and the internet, the 'third way' you talk about has become much more viable than in the olden days of typewriters and photocopy machines. Just look at what the 'third way' is doing to the music industry. That said, looking at self-publishing as a whole, I believe your success still represents a statistically-rate exception.:As far as POV, if it ain't NPOV, correct it. That's what Wikipedia is all about. Recognize, though, that writing about a subject with a perfectly NPOV can appear to have a biased POV to someone with a stake in the subject.  	0
-Hi Steve. I know you've been here since April, but I've only just realised you haven't had an official Wikipedia Welcome - so here it is: Welcome!. I hope you enjoy editing here and being a Wikipedian. If you ever have any questions, check out the help pages or add a question to the village pump.  	0
Anon:What the heck are you talking about? This is an encyclopedia, not a book store. 	1
to-do: get name of Dexter's friend and any missing characters	0
`Okay, replacing the sudden unexplained change of ``Top Hits`` changing from published sheet music to recordings in 1935, I gave all the years from 1916 in music through 1935 in music seperate ``Top Hit Songs Printed`` and ``Top Hit Recordings`` categories, which seems to reflect the gradual shift in the driving forces of the music industry. More work needs to be done, and I'd like to extend the ``Hit Records`` category back a few more years if I can find decent data. I'm still gradually cleaning up the categories.   20:29 15 Jun 2003 (UTC)`	1
`== Stone-throwing incident ==I have moved the following section here. It is not that I deny it happened nor that it is relevant, but I believe it is ludicrous for to devote this much space to the incident in such a short article. I will try to research the matter and rewrite it in 1/3 the space, but personally I think it would be more useful to expand the section on his academic work, ie, Orientalism, which is much more interesting and important.   :In July 2000 Said travelled to Lebanon, where along with other Arabs he began hurling large rocks into Israel towards a group of Israeli soldiers.  Agence France Press released a photograph showing him during this attack. When asked about this event, Said told reporters that this was ``a symbolic gesture of joy``, and aimed at an empty place. Eyewitnesses claim that Said was lying; The London Daily Post reported that Said was observed hurling stones, in a group, at Israel soldiers in an Israeli watchtower.:Said was criticised for this action by the moderate Arab Press. A report in the Beirut Daily Star stated that they were disappointed that a scholar ``who has labored ... to dispel stereotypes about Arabs being 'violent'`` reversed couse, and let himself ``be swayed by a crowd into picking up a stone and lofting it across the international border.`` The student newspaper where he teaches, the Columbia Daily Spectator, commented that Said's ``hypocritical violent action`` was ``alien to this or any other institution of higher learning.`` :Several months later, in an interview with an Israeli newspaper (Haaretz English Edition, August 18, 2000) Said reversed his story, and denied his previous description. He now claims ``in fact what happened was that my son and some of the other young men were trying to see who could throw stones furthest. And since my son is a rather big fellow - he is an American who plays baseball - he threw furthest. My daughter said to me, 'Daddy can you throw a stone as far as Wadia?' and that of course stirred the usual kind of oedipal competition. So I picked up a stone and threw it.`` This latest revision is commonly held to be facetious.`	1
I've had a look at Albatross (I put the pics in the position you found them) and I think we have an unimprovement (if such a word exists). I had them in a column on the right, you have them on either side of the page with a narrowish gutter of text down the middle. It looks odd on my 1024 by 768 screen and would surely be a very narrow gutter on the 800 by 600 resolution that some people use.I can't test 800 by 600 because the resolution change would leave all my desktop icons piled up in one corner when I return to 1024 by 768 and it's a pain restoring them all back to position. I won't revert because they're not my pics so I don't have any strong feelings. I'll leave the decision to you, Jim.  	0
`Quite apart from the grammatical/vocabulary problem (``when vocabulary duty's to be done, to be done``), I think ``Though the governor-general may fulfill many of the roles of a head of state, s/he is not a head of state themselves, but the representative of the head of state`` needs tidying up - for instance, this is not true of Australia. But I don't want to improve the Australian side of things at the expense of accidentally misrepresenting how it is elsewhere. So, before I jump in with both feet, I want to offer other experts the opportunity to get it better expressed than I can myself (``be 'umble, Uriah, be 'umble``). PML.`	1
Was the move of Technicolor all that wise? Most people are aware of the term in association with film, not so physics. Given the large number of links to technicolor from film pages, it might have been better to leave it as it is, and add a link to the minor usage on the Technicolor page. Otherwise, you'll have to go through and edit all of the links from the films.  	0
 to give you a citation of th title of it	0
`GOD BLESS OUR FREEDOM FIGHTING TROOPS DEFEATING ARAB TERRORISM IN IRAQ AND AFGHANISTAN. DEFEAT totalitarian Islamofascism==Our commander in chief liberated Iraq and Afganistan. But there's much left to TAKE OUT and LIBERATE. These are the regimes that we need to effect a regime change sooner or later:==Most urgent:Iran,Syria,Communist China,North Korea,Saudi Arabia,Cuba,Liberia,Laos,Lebanon,Vietnam,Libya,Zimbabwe,Burma,Malaysia,Belarus,Venezuela,Moldova (elected an actual Communist Party member)Palestinian AuthorityLess urgent, but necessary one day:Brazil (I laid out a case for regime change in Brazil on another user's page. If you're interested, I can direct you to that page.),Ecuador (elected a Communist),Argentina (elected a Communist sympathizer),Algeria,Morocco,Tunisia,Egypt,Pakistan (the military dictator they have is ok to keep a lid on the Islamists, but he'll fall one day so we might as well occupy them),Qatar (Al Jazeria is based there spewing its anti-American propaganda),Tunisia,and every other country that is not a democracy or is a democracy that elects anti-democratic leftists like Hugo ChavezCountries we should destabilize, but not necessarily prusue regime change through military means:France,Germany,Belgium,Canada,Mexico,South Africa,Turkey,Russia,Sweden,and more...==Countries WHERE FREEDOM RINGS==AMERICA (NUMBER ONE ON THIS ACCOUNT),UK,Australia,Israel,Italy ,Spain,Poland,Latvia,Lithuania,Estonia,Czech Republic,and more...Above: me at a pro-Iraq War rally.==COLLEGE REPUBLICANS MAKE A DIFFERENCE!!!!!!!!!!==http://www.crnc.org/==DO YOUR PART AMERICA: BOYCOTT FRANCE AND FRENCH GOODS.==Above: THE OLD YELLER FRENCH ARMY KNIFE.Evil exists. And militant Islamism (the militant Islamism of bin Laden, the Saudis, Saddam Hussein, the Baathists, and the Palestinian suicide bombers) or Islamofascism is the enemy of freedom and the distilled essence of evil. Totalitarian ideologies and fanaticisms have come in gone and have been defeated by America. All these ideologies are one in the same. They hate modernity, hate America, hate freedom, hate capitalism, hate liberal democracy, and love terrorism, oppression, genoicide, and fanatic hatred. In Germany the tyranical enemies of freedom and capitalism rallied behind Nazism, in Italy they rallied behind fascism, in Russia they rallied behind totalitarian socialism and communism, and now in the Middle East, where a lot of dictators and tyrants are threatened by freedom and American values, they rally behind militant Islamics. It is fact that there isnt a single Arab democracy. Muslim leaders (Saddam was just the worst of the lot. There will be more dictators/terrorists to fight like the Syrians) are all tyrants and terrorists who stifle the free press, kill their own people, crush their citizens hopes and dreams, and want to kill Americans like they did on 9/11. Their desire to kill Americans and supprot terror rests on one deep, abiding hatred: their irrational fear of America, which sticks up for freedom and opposes their tyranny with great scarafices, like America is doing right now defeating evil in the Arab countries of Iraq and Afghnaistan. The ideology of militant Islamist terrorism is the totalitarian enemy that America confronts today. And patriotic Americans say it will be defeated like America defeated totalitarianisms in the past through heroic struggle: Communism, fascism, Nazism. A lot of conservative commentators who speak with moral clarity call America's struggle against the evil of Islamofascist totalitarianism right now World War IV. That this is freedom's fourth struggle against a totalitarian evil. In WWI it was the despotic rule of the Kaiser, in WWII it was the Nazis, in freedom's third struggle it was the communists in the Cold War (although it wasnt a ``hot war`` it was another global stuggle like a world war). Now America's forth stuggle is a worldwide campaign against states like Iraq that hate the free world, kill their own people, desire weapons of mass destruction, and support terrorism. The antiwar liberal left appeases totalitarian evil, which they love to do. They rallied to defend the Communists in Vietnam. Now the amoral liberal left is opposing America's commander in chief George W Bush in his struggle in Iraq. Hundreds of millions were slaughtered (Communism murdered 100 million people while the liberals opposed the Cold War at every step) and Communism threatened the freedom of America and her allies. Conservatives say that America must stop this new totalitarian enemy before its murderous hate claims as many victims as Communism. `	1
 Actually, there was an edit war over the content of Saddam Hussein's user page. My comment was directed at that edit war.  	0
Thank goodness your interests arent purely rote, Larry, or the WP no doubt would be more less, and less more. )-	0
::::No, I guess not, not if you've quit. Maybe you haven't really. Or have you? Never mind. Have a good evening, wherever you are!   	0
:: ( ) Adding such a note merely because the section is biased is not a reason for an alteration unless the section was falsely biased.  All this should be biased toward the truth.  So, what is your source for the note of support?	0
Thanks for reverting my user page yesterday after / vandalised it.  	1
`Uriber, I don't get your point about ``Chairman`` versus ``President``.  What difference does it make?  Even if there is a difference, what does it matter what the US and Israel use?  Would you mention it in the Sharon article if the PA ``didn't recognise`` the title of ``Prime Minister``?  Anyway, you are wrong about ``international documents``.  The example you gave is ``trilateral`` not ``international``.  If you go to http://domino.un.org/unispal.nsf and search for ``President Arafat`` you will find over 150 UN documents which use that phrase.   `	1
-Hi MRD. I've done a search and there seem to be no further pages in the same scheme as France: Wars of Religion/Bourbon Dynasty. The place to co-ordinate their integration would be Talk:History of France, I've put a note there for when someone has time to deal with it. cheers.   	0
:::Is the GTK exemple serious ? 	0
==External Links==*BBC - On This Day	0
== Some thoughts ==I am going to hit the proverbial hay, but since you also seem to know your way around e-commerce, would you care to do some of these that are in my to-do stack?* Reintermediation (linked from disintermediation)* E-procurement* E2E* Vortals* Bullwhip effectIf you can nail some of these down, I will be eternally in your debt. ;)	1
`Buddha - ``Some suggest that victims should be referred to additional resources and made aware of their rights under policy and law.``That's an incredibly silly way to phrase that.  `	1
`Hello.  Is there some reason for capitalization in ``Optical Tweezers``?  (I moved the page to optical tweezers since it seemed likely that this was just another case of the strange worship of excessive capital letters often found among newbies.)  `	0
`I just want to say that ``separation of church and state`` has been invented in Muslin countries before it existed in Europe. The Catholic Church wasn't obviously a great fan of this idea it accepted it under the pressure of governements....  `	0
`Now that the edit war seems to have died down. I just want to add a little about privatization and free market. Even while the neoliberals ofcourse want to put an equal sign between free market and privatization, very few privatizations are ever made that actually increases the competition in the market. Because if the buisness that is sold to private owners has a monopoly before it is sold, it ofcourse will to after it has been privatized. And if the company is sold while it is already subjected to competition it will to after it has been privatized. Indeed, privatization has nothing to do with ``free markets``, but is only a transferment of public property to private hands. Ofcourse that argument will not keep the neoliberals from claiming the Second Return of Messiah as long as we privatize and the Doomsday if we dont. But atleast we do not have to use their rhethorics.  `	0
BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS, BOOBS	1
`I agree that having ``back links`` is a bad idea.  There is no end to that, and most back links should be in the text anyway, so a redundancy that adds very little -  `	1
** Correct, and noted in article 	0
Please stop abusing your admin power. I have seen you are biased to the information posted.Copernicus: Was a Polish Astranomer whos uncles name was Lukasz Watzenrode  not Von(which Signifies a Prussian which didnt exist till 1700s.) At the time the city was named Frombork not Faurenburg.Heweliusz: He was born in Gdansk and was Polish he wanst born in Danzig and the city wasnt renamed to danzig till after  the Partitons.	1
Axelrosen:I edited the technical analysis and charting page immediately after it had been merged.  Whoever did the job had linked remarks about technical with the EMH.  I then tried to make sense of what had been written.  In fact technical analysts don't talk about the EMH and woujld hardly know what it is.  It is for that reason that I wrote that they IMPLICITLY assumed (actaully without knowing it) weak form efficiency (or actually completely inefficient markets...that few people espouse belief in).  It would probably be wise to alter the text to disconnect the EMH comments from chartism as the practitioners do.King Brosby.	0
:Consider some recent actions: I helped exposed a Christian Identity neo-Nazi (and his close friend who always support him)...and not a single person believed me, even after massive amounts of incontrovertible proof were given.  Some people wrote me offline to tell me that they agreed with these statements...but none of these people were willing to agree with me on the WikiEn (Wiki-English) list. I am sad that people are so afraid of the Wikipedian group-think and smear campaign that they are unwilling to say certain things in public. Offline (i.e. in the real world), many people also agree with me on this issue. That is why they refuse to participate on Wikipedia. They think that I was nuts to participate here, because even in blatant cases of anti-semitism, the Wikipedia elite usually pretended otherwise, through self-deception, almost sterotypical pseudo-liberal stupidity, or by what we consider fairly clear examples of anti-Semitism.  :I was told, by a few professional colleagues in Jewish education, that their evalution of contributor comments led them to believe that the hostility to Jewish issues was so great that it would be impossible to talk to most people on Wikipedia about this. They warned me that if I tried to discuss these issues openly, I would be attacked as paranoid or a liar. And to my sorrow I learned that they were correct. That is why I stopped participating here.  :However, I am thinking about returning for a small number of articles, on topics that I already promised people that I would contribute to.  I had previously prepared some material to add on the Zohar and the Chosen people articles, and I don't want to leave these topics unfinihed, missing what I see as some crucial points, and what others have pointed out are obvious gaps in the articles.  	1
 (it is even cotroversial what what was the German state).	0
`Thanks for all comments. I have taken Pfortuny's advice and used some material from the Vatican website, and used a para from the Pope's homily, plus a link. I agree that the ``criticism`` section is awkward, but MT really is unique in how polarised opinions are about her, and I think the article has to reflect that. That is a different matter from any specific errors of fact in the criticism section - I have not rechecked all the sources.  `	0
::Dumela, Tebello. Kena ka kgotso! I hope you will set up an account and become a valuable contributor to wikipedia.   	0
Ryguasu, there have been many more thoughts and positions on the mind-body problem pre-1920, some dualist, some monist, and some ascribing to a dual-aspect theory. It is one of the richest fields of philosophy. Tom Chance, 11:02 Oct 14, 2003 (GMT)	0
`Thanks for the ``bases``. I actually wrote bases but someone put ``basis`` saying it was a ``spaniardism``.`	0
::Sorry - perhaps it was! Must be up too late and not thinking straight - you're absolutely right. Ignore the above!  	0
Is anyone able to expand on writing at near-atomic level? 	0
:'Learning Object' would be a proper noun. The subject of this article is not a proper noun.  	0
::I dont think is offensive at all, despite being a (critical) catholic. I'm just afraid that we have people acusing us of attacking religion... Maybe we could make fun of all of them ) 	1
`::Chinglish sounds no offensive to me, but the definition does a little, ``poor or 'broken' English``, eh, sounds like Chinglish needs to be fixed(as Tan says in her book)? We use that a lot. O BTW, is these Chinglish:::*Good good study, day day up.(i believe it's from Mao's saying)::*Show him some color to see see. p::do they make sense to you English speakers? `	0
`:::Yep. You are right, I hadnt thought it through. Any methodology must be proscriptive. I take back the comment about distinguishing ``ought``.  `	0
I don't necessarily agree with Ed on many of the issues he addresses (I'm neutral on many of them), but I think that it's just plain closed-minded to dismiss his connecting articles together as 'irrelevant'...  Do you even have a right hemisphere, Evercat? 	1
The cities are the same through the ages, but they have different names in different languages. In my opinion if a reader looks at the name of Thorn he/she will think that the city disapeared, was destroyed or something.As Poland was occupied by several German states all Polish cities have a German name but it is very unpolite to use them today. And IMHO this is in violation of NPOV policies.  7:11, 13 Nov 2003 (UTC)	0
::::Well, I'm no fan of Catholicism, but I think your reasoning may be erroneous.  You need to identify what it is about the Catholic meme (or memes) which is problematic.  Because Catholicism has been so powerful, it has commited many of the greatest evils.  But many of these are likely to have been caused by politics, rather than Catholicism per se. ::::And really, it's ridiculous to blame the RCC for Nazism, unless you can show that the church had a determinative role in creating the conditions that allowed it flourish.  	1
`:I only get 7 hits on Google for the phrase ``quantum systemics``, no matches with the physics preprint archivX.org, and no matches on the American Physical Society's Phys. Review series of journals.  I wouldn't call this a recent ``worldwide`` acceptance of quantum systemics.  In fact I can find very few references to the word ``systemics`` in any physics journals whatsoever (and, indeed, very few references to systemics in any English-language scientific journals).  The phrase systemics is far more widely interpreted (at least in the English-speaking world), as referring to systems theory as developed by Bertalanffy, Ashby and others.  Systemics is listed as an alias for systems theory, so people who use the Systemics will find the page.  `	0
: Thank you for the invitation.   	1
-Vicki, Primas is in Webster dictionary under  primate, M.E. primat,LL. primas (latin primus- first).A person with primacy, an archbishop or the highest ranking bishop in the province. I will add, highest ranking bishop or archbishop.H. Jonat	0
:I disagree. Some duplication of material is unavoidable, and desirable, in encyclopedia articles. Many Wikipedia (and Britannica) articles have some modest amount of information overlap. It is necessary so that article do not become overly fragmented. Wikipedia is not paper; we have infinite space. It is Ok is two paragraphs are duplicated!  	0
:I remembering reading on Slashdot that SMS was less used due to calls costing less than SMS or something like that. 	0
It is perhaps dangerous to defend science using the sort of nave methodology presently described in scientific method. That methodology is, at the least, dubious. Better to point out that science is grounded in a shared, and powerful, understanding that allows us to manipulate the world in ways that no other enterprise can. The debate between post modernists and empiricists (for want of better terms) is ongoing, and it is not appropriate to pretend here that it is finished. Better to simply refer the reader to the relevant articles.  	1
Dysprosia, I think your rewrite of the intro made it quite clumsy. If you don't like the original then how about::Easy listening describes a musical style which emerged in the mid 20th century, emphasising relaxation and lack of emotional challenge, but sometimes possessing hidden depths.  :: Also, at least of the bands listed as 1960s, Mantovani, was alive and kicking in the 50s.  	1
I'm not Germanizing anything.  I don't see what's wrong, when talking about Opole as being the historical capital of Upper Silesia, with mentioning what it's name was when it was said historical capital of Upper Silesia.  Would an article talking about Galicia be wrong for mentioning that it's capital was Lemberg rather than Lvov?  Surely there's something to be said for using the city-names which were in use at the time.  	0
` :``@`` is commonly read as ``e`` ('chay'), at least in e-mail addresses and the like.  `	0
`== Oliver Ames High School ==Just noticed this entry in the deletion log: Jimfbleak deleted ``Oliver Ames High School`` (non encyclopedic content was: 'Public high school located in Easton, Massachusetts.'). Please take a look at Wikipedia talk:Deletion policy/schools. It appears that it's not generally agreed to be the case that high school entries are unencyclopedic and qualify for immediate deletion, so VfD is probably the route to use if you think that deletion is merited.  `	0
And Leumi, the same admonition goes for you. The ADL letter complained of inciting hatred and condoning  not inciting  violence against Israel.  	0
I'm surprised to see that there is no mention of the communists and social democrats exterminated in the holocaust. And Raol Wallenberg isn't there either.  	0
`Thanks, John.# ``...Poland annexed...`` - Poland had neither the will, nor the power to annex anything. The discussed lands were given to Poland supposedly to compensate for the eastern provinces annexed in 1939 and again in 1944 by Soviet Union. Poland was the country that suffered the most as the result of WW II, both from Nazi Germany and Soviet Union, therefore any comment hinting that Poland or Poles might be even partially responsible for any consequences of the War is absolutely unacceptable.# A mention of the Duchy of Swidnica, and it's ruler - Bolko's loyalty to Poland, would be nice.# More about the diversity in the region across the ages.# Autonomy of the Polish language speaking people during the Bohemian and Austrian rule, as opposed to the forced germanization after prussian takeover, through the ban of Polish (or Silesian) language, and oppression of the catholic faith - Kulturkampf, is worth mentioning. # Discrimination of the native Silesians by the Polish government, taking place both right after the war and now, is a must. What are the specific issues, that I'm supposed to vote on? `	0
:I suppose your right. I won't add any more AF links to wikipedia.   :I removed the links that I added.   	0
:We love you too.    	0
== Bravo!!!! ==Bravo on the article you wrote on the House Select Committee on Assassinations. The article flows well and deals with the JFK/MLK findings very without POV. There's a few things I want to add, but I want to contact Gary Mack first...Once again, Great Work!!! 	0
`I've found a misplaced reference showing that ``generatics`` did not start with me in content,only in name. The book, ``Learn from the Masters``, edited by Dwetz, Fauvel, Bekken, Johannsson,Katz (Mathematical Association of America, 1991), says on p. 286, ``It was not until 1894 that J.Tannery introduced the arithmetic of rationals as pairs [vectors] of integers.`` (Jules Tannery(1818-1910), French, is cited ONLINE.)In 1957, I received a grant from the National ScienceFoundation to organize the first NSF Workshop in Puerto Rico, planned for high math schoolteachers (some from States). I taught ``Foundations of Mathematics``. I was sent papers (laterlost) from previous Workshops. One set described Tannery's work and Hamilton's formulation ofcomplex numbers as pairs or vectors of reals. The formulator filled in by deriving integers frompairs or vectors of natural numbers. The latter shows how ``the law of signs`` derives fromCLOSURE on DEFINED DIFFERENCES (DDs) of naturals  (a - b), s.t. subtrahend is not greater thanminuend, hence, a natural number. Critical is multiplication law for DD. From standardmultiplication algorithm, find that, for DDs, (a - b) * (c - d) = (a*c + (-b)*(-d)) + (a*(-d) +(-b)*c). Applying, 10 = 5*2 = (9 - 4)*(2 - 0) = 18 + (-4)*(2) + 0 = 10, hence, (-4)*(2) must actas a subtrahend -8, leading to ``negative times positive equals negative`` rule. Applying productrule to 30 = 6*5 = (9 - 3) - (7 - 2) = (63 + (-3)*(-2)) - (18 + 21) = (63 - 39) + (-3)*(-2) =24 + x = 30, hence, x = 6 = (-3)*(-2), leading to ``negative times negative equals positive`` rule.This is forced by CLOSURE on DDs. However, in the ``Generating arithmetic`` article which Iinitiated, some one put in that CLOSURE is a concept from category theory, very advanceed math.Yet, the above book, on p. 260, says, ``For Galois (1830), Jordan (1870), and even in Klein's``Lectures on the Icosohedron`` (1884), groups were defined by the one axiom of closure. The otheraxioms were implicit in the context of their discussions  finite groups of transformations.`` SoCLOSURE goes back at least to 1830.Jonhays0`	1
::Yes, no copyvio according to the author's (confusing, I still maintain) statement in VfD.  I deleted the notice and your comment from the talk page.  - 	1
:Sorry if it looks like I voted on my own listing, but upon looking at the page history it seems somebody accidentally merged two listings together yesterday (maybe Michael Hardy?)  Anyway, with history view loads pushing 30 seconds I don't have time for this mess right now.  Good night.  I did not ever merge two lists together.  I have no idea what that could refer to.  ...and I must say, I'm surprised that something like this of obvious genuine scholarly interest would be treated as if it were a silly article, or as if it were merely a list of words.  The recent comment that such articles would be especially useful to people learning English as a second language is a very strong reccomendation just by itself.  	0
```to at least some extent, which varies`` is typo meaning that the borders and the extent of occupation varies over time. Jaffa and the area south of Lebanon are occupied all the time, the Gaza Strip and West Bank, full time for parts of both, now claimed by Israel; at least part time for the rest, depending on what's happening that year.   `	0
I edited your user page in order to make it easier to reach your contribs.  If you want it deleted, say so, or just blank it.  If you had a user page, no, I wouldn't edit it without your permission.   	0
-Hi. Anniversaries are not events  please don't add them to year pages.   	0
His Holiness has received the highest Church awards. . .'Which awards were these?   	0
I have seen your helpful recent reversions of user 200.101.75.10 in the Buddhism article. For your information, administrators can revert articles to their former version in just one click. Do not hesitate to ask me to do so in the future. Thanks!  	0
Re:  Marking pageIt's alright.  The wall of shame is there so I (and others if they care) can keep track of troublemakers.  A lot of the topics I edit and watch are controversial so it's good to know who the trolls and biased losers are ) -  	1
Wow!  That was fast.  I'm impressed.	0
`:Besides the spelling correction i made above, check ``forefront`` in a dictionary; it may come from military terminology, but at the very least, it is jarring to hear it used in that context rather than metaphorically.  19:56, 2004 Jan 7 (UTC)`	1
`:::Serbs from Croatia ``cleansed`` themselves in the Operation Storm 1995, which is proven beyond reasonable doubt by orders from their commander (now an ICTY inmate) Milan Martic. And, this situation had been ``rehearsed`` several times from 1992 to 1995, as the repentant Milan Babic (another ex-rebel boss and ICTY indictee) has confessed. Nobody ``drove them out``. That's the fate they themselves had chosen. The central difference lies in the fact that no Croatian military units were involved in forced ``transportation`` or similar stuff. More: during ``Lightning`` and ``Storm`` operations, large-scale negotiations had been held with the representatives of Serbian military & civilian authorities in order to persuade them to stay. To no avail. The siren call of Greater Serbia was stronger. That's the Serb way. They either rule as a colonial minority ( parallels with the French in Algeria or the Portuguese in Mocambique are obvious ) or are out- out in Serbia. `	0
In response to the list you quoted: oh, flip. The alumni association is not going to like this. Weirdly enough, I note that there is some overlap between lists - S. Chandrasekhar was a Cambridge grad, but a Chicago professor. (Even weirder, I'm writing this just down the hall from Chandra's old office.) Anyhow, assuming your quoted list is accurate, I submit to your superior information.  08:11 GMT, 1 February 2004	0
A copyright violation is a copyright violation.  If you want to work on a copyrighted article in your own personal space, on your own PC, then fine.  When it's done, move it here.  But don't move copyrighted material into Wikipedia space.   	1
* I actually wasn't the one who created the numbered entries or linked to them, or who used the 'list-style' profilesI simply went into Green Goblin III to fix a bad link. 	0
It is a well known fact that iodine sublimes, but is it actually true?Sublimation is the transformation of a solid to gas without melting.Since Iodine has a melting point well bellow it's boiling point it seemsvery strange that it would undergo sublimation.-	0
 Anon.: Go ahead, be bold!  	1
Could you please delete San Antonio class amphibious assault ship?  It was a test by a new anonymous user. ''' 	1
::Inspiration isn't plagiarism by a long shot. Not to mention that the basic themes of the Hidden Fortress are themselves pretty old... 	0
:Yep, vasquez >> vasquez rocks==History Moving?==I think we should move the history section to its own pageit really is quite big.  	1
Actually it's Mr Natural health who is under arbitration. Irismeister is a completely separate user. Fabiform considered breifly requesting mediation but thought better of it. 	0
fifteen-lettered was one.  	0
::::Thanks for being a good sport, Roof.  Why don't we talk over possible fixes here?  A larger question, I suppose, is whether this page should focus mostly on the Ruth aspect (emphasizing Bambino, hence a shorter article) or the Red Sox troubles aspect (emphasizing Curse).  Or both?  I'm open to it.  What do we think?  Let's not ask Mumbles. ;)  	0
 Feb 2004 (UTC):::I think it is OK how it is, but the proposed order is better.  Why do you object KingTurtle?  18:39, 14	0
-==Some basic questions Re: Wikipedia==Hi Meelar,Thanks for the welcome comment! )  I am afraid that I don't know anything about the topics you suggested.  I was hoping to stick with editing and writing in my main field of interest, neuroscience and especially hearing.  I have a couple of questions with regard to Wikipedia.Is it OK to download an image from the Wikipedia, edit it for content, and then upload it again to the Wikipedia?  (There is one figure that could be used in the Wiki for many languages if it had the latin names instead of English ones...)Is is OK to link to other web pages that have excellent coverage of a particular topic?Thanks for advice, 	0
:I don't think the page was ever deleted.  If you're talking about the information on the page that was deleted, you'll find it in the page's history.  	0
==Duplicate==Doesn't this article duplicate a lot of material from emoticon. Look at the list of smilies, for example. Should this material be moved to emoticon or vice-versa? Should the two be merged and emoticon be made a redirect to Smiley? I hate to have two seperate articles that discuss the same thing differently.  	1
==To the person who will rewrite the essay==*Are you interested to rewrite this essay? Great! Have a look at the info I give here, it may help you in your research and rewriting:**In dark ages medicine and therapy was just awful. People believed in superstition.**However, according to many, magick, Alternative medicine, Energy theraphy, Chakras, etc are not superstitions.**In medieval times, Mystics such as Rosicrucians knew how to perform therapy with non-material means. However non-material therapy DOES NOT substitute medicine, and this is emphasised by all serious Rosicrucians today.**Prayer, meditation, visualisation and herbs have a positive effect on human health and help in therapy.**According to Alternative medicine, Chakras play a very important role in health and their imbalance may cause illness. Nadis (the energy channels) and Qi energy are important concepts related to health, too.**Many people, mostly those who support Alternative medicine and mysticism, still believe that illness comes from within the body.**Chinese traditional medicine has some interesting views.**However, the views expressed by mystics and alternative medicine practitioners are not accepted by science.**For some alternative medicine examples, see Edward Bach and Bach flower remedies.**The role of subconsious mind in health is very important and emphasised in Mysticism. Faith healing can be explained easily with the knowledge of the role of subconscious in human body.**Many people who are active in Alternative medicine have no mystical-metaphysical knowledge and just take your money. Thus, most alternative medicine practices cannot be trusted easily. 	1
:If you wish please go ahead and make a list of Michigan waterways - I'll warn you, GNIS lists over 4,000 of them. This page is part of Wikipedia: WikiProject Rivers where there is currently a debate about how to name articles on rivers. (To determine how difficult it would be was part of my reason for creating this page.) I favor a single pages for all Michigan Pine Rivers but the debate is ongoing.  	0
:::Will get back to this later.  	0
:Never mind, the date issue is resolved.  	0
== What's a good name for this? ==The article deals with the quackery side (mainly pre-20th century) of electricity therapy, not electrotherapy which is briefly discussed in the article. Should the  name be changed to reflect this? The other option is to divide the article into quackery, alternative medicine and conventional medicine.	0
`::I agree that there is turbelence and a million other processes involved in the flipping of a real coin, and that it would be quite inconceivable for a computer to simulate all of these processes.  But that's boringly obvious.  Why even mention it?::Perhaps ``calculate`` the probability would be a term that communicates my point better?  The probability is a computable number.  These probabilities can be manipulated and composed every which way, without involving random numbers, in what may be called a ``simulation``.  The end result is a discrete probability distribution which is an exact solution, not an outcome or event.::However, a computer cannot produce an exact solution if the probability model involves a poission distribution.::If the coin is biased and the resulting probability is an uncomputable number, this implies that it was biased by an uncomputable number.  But nondimensionalizing solves this problem.  Essentially, we're not really concerned with ``numbers`` when we're talking about a computer.  We're talking, rather, about finite states.  So long as the problem can be coded by a finite number of states, it is discrete, and can be operated on by a turing machine.::The poission distribution is often represented in the form::::::A special case of the poission distribution is the exponential distribution, where the x parameter is 1::::::-  `	0
==Lebach==Darn  you beat me! And I only had Saarland, not the Saarlouis dist.   	0
Hi.  )  I saw your introduction on the new users log.  If you ever find an article you think is brilliant, you can nominate it on Wikipedia:Featured article candidates.  Here's a few other useful links for you:How to edit a page, How to write a great article, Naming conventions, Manual of Style. You should read our policies at some point too. If you want to see what other users are doing at the moment, have a look at recent changes. This is a good way to find random articles you might be interested on working on, or you can simply enjoy reading what other wikipedians have to say. Every article has a Talk page (like this one) where you can raise questions or suggest a direction for an article to take. When you make edits to a page, it's a very good idea to add a few words to the summary field to let other users know what you just did (anything from typo to rewrote article)! If you have any questions, see the help pages, add a question to the village pump or ask me on . I hope you enjoy editing here and being a Wikipedian! *If you made any edits before you got an account, you might be interested in assigning those to your username. *You can sign your name using three tildes, like this: ~~~. If you use four, you can add a datestamp too. *If you ever think a page or image should be deleted, please list it at the votes for deletion page. There is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted. Again, welcome! )  |  	0
Takanoha, can you point out the section of  that explains the status of Tokyo-to?  I think that we are misunderstanding each other.  I would like to see what the actual law says, but it's very long and I haven't found the correct section.  I appreciate your help. -  	0
 The indicated time dilation ratio at the photon capture radius of a gravitationally  collapsed mass is equal to the square root of [(3/2) exponent 1/2, times Planck time divided by two pi seconds]. This is a required condition if the electron is a gravitationally confined particle.	0
Greetings Patrick & Co.,I've just found this page, and inserted some references to other textx foound in the tombs as well. I tried to do it without disrupting too much of what is already here, and if you can smooth the insertions even more, I'd be delighted. I will have to go into my library to find out precisely what else was found in the tombs, and when I do I will mention them here.Regards, 	1
`: I think that the ``Classic Differences``, ``Current Conflicts`` and ``Unorthodox Practices`` sections in the current article should be merged into one according to Hawstom's outline.  What do you think?  `	0
how did the laptop come about? who made the first laptop?	0
:Ah, so how did you figure out which are 'most commonly associated' or are you basing it upon what _you yourself associate with?  	0
If you want to add the Torah Cosmos reference to Torah please wait to see the result of the poll in Wikipedia:Votes for deletion. And remember that Wikipedia is not a place for original research.  	1
==Press Release==I see you contributed to the creation of the press release. Might you be willing to follow these steps, and send off the press release?  	1
:I replied to your comment on my talk page. I will not reply to anything else you have to say, nor will I edit any of the Anarchism articles again. It seems that the only way I can avoid getting in this kind of conflict is to edit math articles, where ignorant people just ask for clarification of obscure passages on talk pages instead of accusing knowledgeable people of misrepresentation. Sadly, even in Science topics (in modern physics and biology especially) this kind of thing happens, too.   17:09, 2004 Mar 5 (UTC) -	1
`* It looks like someone took a copy of ``What links here`` and linked back to every single one.  Here's a list of things which don't really have to do with batteries (apart from the fact that some of them use batteries, which isn't really noteworthy), and which we might be able safely discard.  Any objections?:Electronics: Accumulator | Transducer | Transistor | Vacuum tube | Telephone switchboard | Diode | Diode bridge | Arc lamp | Flash | Flashlight | Light bulb | Light meter | Lighting | Magneto | Remote control | Fan | Superconductivity | Clockwork | Round-the-pole flying | Static Random Access Memory | Explosively pumped flux compression generator :Chemicals and elements: Adenosine triphosphate (at least...):Automotive: Hybrid electric vehicle (redirects to Hybrid car) | IBM Convertible | Diesel cycle : Other: Viking program | BASF | Motorola | Operation Bojinka (??) | Philippine Airlines Flight 434 | Raytheon Corporation | Game Boy | Insulin pump | Naval mine | Steadicam | Cellophane (?????) | Mars Pathfinder | Segway HT:  `	0
remember to go to bed (and so should I)  	0
____fuck off you little asshole. If you want to talk to me as a human start showing some fear the way humans act around other humans, because if you continue your beligerant campaign, i will cross another boundary and begin off-site recruitmehnt. I can escalate till I am rhetorically nuclear with the whole goddamed mob of you if that is where you think you will find what you want. You had better start expressing some interest in the concerns presented to you or your credibility as either a document or a community will be about that of a pile of shit.	1
Clearly four (or three if you're going to toss the first one) isn't enough for you.  	1
How are Metals Different from Non-Matals?	0
: I Listed this, as it looked like the single sentences for structures and advantages/disadvantages could probably be expanded, and explained, rather than that there are particular grammatical or other errors in the text.  I don't know of more material that belongs here, but it seemed likely, when I looked at it, that there was some, but I don't know enough about the subject to add anything, so added it to cleanup, so if there was anything useful to add, someone who knows about the subject can add it.  	0
`Hey Seth, after my other edits yesterday, I was thinking that an epistemology section would be good. I'd say if you're up for adding that, or a metaphysics section, go for it. I think providing a brief, coherent, NPOV summary of any aspect of Nietzsche is a difficult task. I also find it somewhat ridiculous that, with my not all that extensive knowledge of Nietzsche, I'm apparently one of Wikipedia's ``Nietzsche experts``. But maybe working together we can actually mold the article into something good.  `	1
`==Britain==:When the Romans took control of the largest island they called their possessions Britannia. The earlier celtic inhabitants became known as Britons and the island as Britain. Some centuries after the Romans had left, some of these Britons migrated to the near continent. About 1000 years later (i.e. by the late Middle Ages) the region they had moved to was known as Brittany, and to distinguish the island the term Great Britain was used (compare the French names Bretagne and Grande Bretagne). After the fall of the Roman Empire, the name largely fell into abeyance and tended to be used in an historical sense. Geoffrey of Monmouth used Britannia major and Britannia minor to refer to the island of Britain and Brittany respectively.Which name fell into abeyance - Great Britain? Geoffrey of monmouth comes before Roman departure + some centuries + 1000 years, so his use of Britannia major (= Great Britain) is the first use of it in the article, not a revival or historical use of a name ``in abeyance``.  `	1
`==admin actions==Has anyone pointed this out to you?  Wikipedia:Requests for review of admin actions.  Irismeister is claiming that you've abused your admin powers, but, crucially I don't think he understands the difference between blanking (which anyone can do) and deleting.  People have already said that if he's saying you blanked things from your talk page (which is what I'm under the impression you did) then it's not anything to do with ``admin actions`` and doesn't belong on that page, so I'd leave a note there to say that's what you did, if I were you.  )   |  `	1
Hello John, welcome to Wikipedia.You might find these links helpful: How to edit a page, How to write a great article, Naming conventions, Manual of Style. You should read our policies at some point too.If you have any questions, see the help pages, add a question to the village pump, or ask me on . I hope you enjoy editing here and being a Wikipedian!*You can find lots more information, including open tasks and daily tips, at the community portal.*You can sign your name using three tildes, like this: ~~~. If you use four, you can add a datestamp as well.*Before saving a page, it's a good idea to use the Show preview button to review your edits. Also, consider writing a summary for each edit.Again, welcome!  P. S. Thanks for your note at the New user log.	0
:::Bah, I can beat that record easily; I recently got into a brief edit war over whether or not Mosaic (disambiguation) should have {{msg:disambig}} at the bottom. Much lamer than this. At least in the case of this capitalization issue the underlying cause of the conflict was meaningful. )  	0
::I told you that spreadsheet was a work in progress ;)::Fox Terriers: yes, I think the pages should be at Fox Terrier (Smooth) and Fox Terrier (Wire).  I don't know why I did otherwise, just an error on my part.  I agree with Steven we should keep to the name most commonly used by the registries where possible.::Corgis: I think we should stick with the current [[Corgi (Type)]].  I know it's not the way they are usually described in conversation, but it is the way all the main registries list them.  The search will still find them if redirects are in place.::Dachshunds: I remember my reasoning on this one.  It was an even split with the FCI, AKC and CKC grouping the types together and the ANKC, KC(UK) and NZKC listing the six types separately.  As the Dachshund page was already in place I decided not to mess with it for now.  We could eventually do the same as with Corgi - with a generic article at Dachshund and separate articles for each of the six types.  But my worry is that the articles would simply be too similar.::All this is just my opinion of course    	1
Sorry, looking again i realized you were probably running a bot & asked John Kenney, who was puzzled by why it didn't work, but fixed it.  Sorry for the disturbance.  And the forgotten sig!  05:07, 2004 Mar 20 (UTC)	0
The author of the Class D section, imo, seems to be confusing Class D amplifiers with Digital to Analog converters (DACs) - the only reason that they are considered digital is that the output devices are only ever in one of two discrete states (saturation/cut off). There is never any conversion of the input into numbers, and most of the distortion is due to the modulation, not the quantisation of the signal.That is only the opinion of an undergraduate EE student though, if anyone feels more qualified to respond, please do.-Stuart (March 22, 2004)	0
A number of people have pointed out that they have been offered Irish breakfasts abroad. The grossly POV second piece in Hotel adn other fare should be removed. Why couldn't it be left neutral and factual?  |  PS - about the kidneys, I have been to hundreds of places and never once have kidneys been available. I don't think one recipe including them should change the article.  |  	0
== re: grazingship == has come clean with some truths regarding . You may want to reconsider your Quickpoll vote.  	0
`:::Aristotle himself called the Spartans a monarchy numerous times in the Politics.  I don't understand why you keep trying to call them a republic.  Furthermore, your comments above don't seem any improvement to me on the language in the article now, which is very clear that republics come in many shapes and sizes (in fact, limiting them all to two so-called models seems more restrictive to me than it should be).  Use of the words ``genus`` and ``species``, as I've remarked to you before, is a misapplication of taxonomy to political science.  It may be useful for purposes of casual analogy, but we cannot resort to it in an encyclopedia article, or we will confuse and mislead our readers.  You have yet to demonstrate that any authority refers to a government such as that current in the United Kingdom as a republic.  As noted in this paragraph, Aristotle himself describes Sparta as a monarchy  one in which the monarch held weakened powers, yes, but fundamentally part of the ``monarchy`` category.  Your ideas have the merit of being an unusual take on republics which has given all of us cause to consider political terminology, but I am afraid your quotations, though well cited, do not appear to me to compel us to accept your two model theory of republics  it's original research, something Wikipedia is not.   `	1
==To Do==1) Creationism (theology) needs punctuation correction.  Move all sentence-ending punctuation inside quotation marks.	0
=====John, I can't add to the Nazism and socialism talk page because it's not sectioned and too long for my browser.The point is that there is a debate on whether or not nazism is a form of socialism and the only way to write an article on the matter is to outline both sides of the debate. Taking out the competing debating points, in fact, makes the article NPOV by presenting the topic as if there is one right answer. And I'm sorry, it's just ahistorical to say that conservatives opposed Nazism. Some did, but most didn't, most notably von Papen. The Nazis didn't win an electoral majority. The only way they were able to take power was with support from the centre and right.	1
`No, the stuff at things walking out is different from my previous site, although I did have it on there in a subfolder. I don't believe I ever had anything from the design scheme (traces of your fingernails) on the front page of my old site. (By the way, there is a ``real`` index on the site with links to such gems as a random-Javascript-text-runner Rock Paper Scissors game, and a very meager Star Trek reviews section. AIM me for more info if you'd like; my AIM name is the same as my Wikipedia name.)Also, thank you for the birthday greetings. - `	0
Some observers cite this attack as the opening salvo of the Second Cold War, this one pitting the Islamic world against the Western-style democracies, especially the United States and Israel.	1
In Sikhism the word Amrit means Ambrosial nectar. It is also a word used for the Holy Water used in the Baptism ceremony by the Sikhs. It is believed that this word is derived from the Sanskrit word 'Amrita'.==External Links==* MSN Encarta{msg:stub}	0
:Yeti is absolutely right. The theory of the Gdansk as the Free City throuout the history, was invented by German nationalists in 19-th century. Despite the autonomy inside the Commonwealth of Poland, people of Gdansk were proud of their Kingdom. On the other hand, the real reconciliation between Gdansk people and Prussia happenned around 1830.  	0
::Why does the Encyclopaedia Britannica uses the term occupied in their Israel article, then?	1
== I learned so much thank to you ==I love Alanis and her work since her first song.I'd like to thank everybody who wrote this because it's really well done.I would have helped if it was no so complete...I will try anyway...Maryjane	0
`Greetings.Again, my thanks for your fine job editing the Santos-Dumont article.(I sent an email earlier.)I hope that we canat last move past the ``who flew first`` issue.   It overshadows so much of what SD accomplished.It would be truly ironic if it overshadowed his entry in wikipedia as well.Best regards, `	0
Hi all of your changes on the DB page are much appreciated, but make sure you do not delete the interwiki links!! You had accidentally removed the one to the Dutch page about Disco Bay.  	0
`Hi there, you have been listed as ``inactive`` on Wikipedia:Administrators. Please remove the notice when it is out of date. Cheers,  `	0
`:::In addition, I think it would be more difficult for someone to bring themselves to return to the ``officially recognized`` version, since it offers less information than the ``officially or unofficially`` version does.  `	0
`Yeah, as I said, I didn't mean to intervene in the middle of your edits, and I'm sorry about that.  As to right and left wing, I agree the terms should be used with care.  But calling the Freikorps ``right wing`` and Lenin and the Communists ``left wing`` is not a particularly careless use of the terms, as far as I am aware.  If you can find a source that calls the Spartacists reactionary, or discusses the Freikorps as left liberals, I'd love to see it.  You'll note that I didn't reinsert the description of the Nazis themselves as right wing.  But I think that saying there are similarities between Nazism and Stalinism, say, is not to deny that Nazism is in some vague sense a movement ``of the right`` and Stalinism a movement ``of the left.``  At any rate, ``what was seen at the time as`` is an incredibly awkward phrasing - it's simply bad writing.  As to other changes, things like saying ``this is how the Nazis were different from other Socialists`` is completely POV, in that it says that the Nazis were socialists.  And you can't just cite laws as supporting a point without explaining them at all.  And it would be nice if you could actually cite scholars who discuss similarities between Nazism and socialism, rather than vague ``supporters`` of such arguments (at the very least, those opposed to such comparisons can cite ``the organized socialist movement`` rather easily, although I would agree that there are somewhat similar problems on that side of the debate.)  I also didn't revert many of your wording changes, because I think that some of them actually do do a good job of making the article less POV.  `	1
:At last, I can read it. Well done.  	0
`::Anome, I wish there was a restraining order here at Wikipedia.  Zw needs a leash!  I have a problem with Zw's assassin-style terrorism in relation to me.  Zw seems to act in ways like Zw wants me wiped out from Wikipedia except a bad memory in Zw's opinion.  It is in my esteemed opinion that I am not the singular cause of Zw's mad-on.  If you were to see the material of Zw's interest by Zw's contributions, it wouldn't confuse you in the slightest why Zw's acting this way.  I am uninterested in Zw's zealous pursuits along those subjective, topical lines.  It appears that Zw is confused in this respect, and if not, believes I am still to be held punishable for my contributions to Zw's interest-oriented articles, that Zw believes are errors without redemption for some reason.  I didn't know this would happen and didn't want it to happen, so as you can surmise, Anome, I didn't contribute to those articles with any malicious intent, especially in Zw's direction.  I didn't even know this Zw character existed until I was assaulted by Zw with some kind of Puritannical zeal.  I felt like I was on trial!  Regardless, this is not Zw's site!  I will not fight Zw for the usage of this site!  To Zw, it is like; ``This town is only big enough for one of us, that's going to have to be me!``  I am completely uninterested in what Zw has to say when I am left alone by Zw.  I do not think of Zw until I come back to see my edits on rv by Zw 'out-of-the-blue'.  It seems to be psychotically abusive OCD behaviour and I will not tolerate it, especially when I don't egg Zw on by returning the B.S.   `	1
Spikey - I came here to the talk page to point out the same thing: I see sadism and masochism in non-sexual terms often.  	1
`Do you believe it is appropriate to say that the Lumpsucker's pelvic fins ... ``have evolved into adhesive discs`` as opposed to that they were created with adhesive discs? I don't believe in evolution.  `	1
===Earth Summit===Sorry for any problem with marking the edits as minor and I will review the guidelines. Part of the problem was that I had made a series of edits, each of which perhaps could have been considered as minor, however the cumulative effect was not. I expect to continue to work on this and related pages, as the UNCED process had been my life for almost three years leading into the conference, with a focus on information, communications & participation - a role that continued through the series of UN conferences of the past decade.Btw, I am planning to share information about Wikipedia and the Earth Summit, Agenda 21, etc. at the current session of the Commission on Sustainable Development in the hopes both of spreading the word about Wikipedia within the NGO community, and of eliciting wiki contributions to topics relating to sustainable development, so you may want to keep an eye on Earth Summit over the next couple of weeks.	0
Hi. I haven't used one of the Talk pages before, so I hope I'mdoing this correctly. I looked at your recent Gettysburg editsand I have some issues with a few of them. [Overall, you'veput in a number of good things, although I wonder where is thetipping point between a concise encyclopedia entry and alengthier article.] I believe the ethic of this effort isfor me to make the mods and then we can discuss. OK? I'lldo the edits later today.Hal [hlj]	0
:Ditto. It's nice to see you've returned. )  	0
I *do* hold the copyright to the text posted. However, if this is not acceptable to you, I will write an entirely new text for the page.	1
::You'd best cool it with the reverts, or your IP number will be blocked.  	1
`The contents of this article should probably be moved to List of fictional music groups, rather than the latter having a redirect to this article. An encyclopedia article entitled Fictional music groups should primarily discuss what a fictional music group is, which seems rather superfluous, and then possibly offer links to such a list. In current Wikipedia practice, such lists tend to start with ``List of...`` in order to separate them from more conventional encyclopedia articles, a compromise advocated by these list-keepers to fend off the Wiki population who don't believe such lists belong in an encyclopedia in the first place.   `	0
`Hey Sonja ) Take a look at Talk:Queer, I've done the sidebar for you. I hope you like it, and you can tweak it to your heart's content - the syntax is pretty straightforward. Though have a look at [], the usage of the word ``queer`` is somewhat discouraged.  `	0
`:Your wish is my command. I wouldn't say it was ``the`` genesis; but it is correct and I felt germane given the local (Papua) subject. Have a look at History_of_Indonesia and verify with external link somebody else had already included http://www.gimonca.com/sejarah/sejarah.shtmlI would also like to suggest that Wik purchase and reads ``The West New Guinea debacle`` ISBN 90 6718 193 5; which may help his understanding.`	0
`What does ``Rank: 21st`` mean? It sounds like monarch Top Trumps.  `	0
: Your definitions support what I was saying. Please explain how they do not. 	0
Greetings.  I love the Wikistats collection...  A question about updating the language list: Could the language selection be changed?  Scottish and Manx don't seem to be active. Swahili and Urdu are more active, and, as major world languages, merit a place on the list (if only to encourage awareness/contributors).    10:36, 2004 Mar 15 (UTC)	0
:::::Can you direct us to some hard figures which tell us that it wasn't a (ethnically) predominantly Polish village? Ethnicity has to be separated from that unquestionable fact, that it was a Polish village in the meaning that Poland was given (i.e. de jure, although not accepted by the Weimar Republicthe Third Reich) and exercised (i.e. de facto) souvereignty before the invasion. I have accepted the assumption of its ethnic Polishness based on data for larger rural districts in West Prussia. But also as a means to circumvent the conflict between people who feel strongly about the annexation's validity or invalidity respectively. I have no personal interest in anything else than a result that doesn't provoke edits all the time. Would you be more happy with the following?::::::She was born during World War II in what Nazi Germany considered the village Rahmel 30 kilometers north-west of Danzig, in Reichsgau Danzig-West Prussia, that however by the Poles was seen as the village Rumia, 25 kilometers west of Gdingen, in that part of Poland that was occupied and unilaterally annexed to Germany after the Polish Campaign 1939.:::::- 	0
* Keep and expand.   |  	0
:Seriously, add or edit a paragraph.  It's easy to edit the Wiki one paragraph at a time. You've presented a good bit of information here, why not put SOME of that into the REAL page instead of the talk page.  	1
Why should it be merged?  	0
4/28/04: Tom Ruen here. I edited the IRV page today, added a second for special cases including rules to break ties. I'm not sure if it is appropriate for the level of article, but it definitely was a vital point missing from the existing article. That is, tie-breaking consideration is vital, but I also included optional rules for quickly eliminating many weak candidates on the first round. Some may object to this approach, although in reality it is very difficult for different elimination rules to affect the winner.You can always imagine examples where a weak first round candidate wins, but usually it takes core support AND Compromise appeal to win and few candidates survive merely on compromise appeal.Examples include:Round 1) A=38%, BD=29%, CD=16%, D=9%, ED=8%Round 2) A=38%, BD=29%, D=17%, CD=16%Round 3) A=38%, D=33%, BD=29%Round 4) D=62%, A=38%Here a 4th place, 9% supported candidate wins IRV on a cascade of transfer votes, always avoiding last place.Imagined elections like this are actually the biggest fear from people happy with plurality, that some voters can offer 2,3,4,5 votes to affect the winner while others only get 1 vote.The reality is that IRV retains the power of the two-party system to thrive because when there are 3 strong parties, voters can't safely vote for a favorite if that favorite isn't also likely to be ranked highly on votes supporting the candidate they hope to eliminate.First round rules that immediately eliminate a bunch of weak candidates at once help reduce fears that IRV helps weak parties.-	0
== Thanks for advise ==Thanks you for your advice about how to use picture.	0
::Russo is not apriopriate, since it was not war against Russia, i believe ;)  	0
:looks good! so what do you do for a day job Alteripse?  	0
Adam, newly appreciative of your Election Archive, I wonder if you can find stats on Zimbabwe, 1980 ?  	0
Is a summary of the gospels the topic of the Jesus as the Messiah Page?.    	0
`==bhagavadgita==hmmm. always wondered who did that page. very nice job. ``I would really like to make the Gita page, especially, a much more coherent one.`` i've been to your user page and i would say that, over time, the Bhagavadgita page will become more coherent ;-) bobert_wi`	0
`Rewrote the entire page due to some inaccuracies (such as Jessup's attribution of ``Mr. B`` and ``Jemi``) and a general mocking POV.  Sure, it's pure nonsense, but we still have to hold to NPOV.   `	0
===============================================I have made some year layout proposals which would affect a significant proportion of the year pages: an example of proposed style is 1850. It is detailed on my talk page.If no-one flags where I have put the discussion on my talk page that they object in a month I will start making everything consistent. It may take some time...  	0
::::I sent you an email through wikipedia. If you've disabled your email in your wikipedia preferences, please send me an email message with your email address through wikipedia...I've just now enabled it for that purpose.  	0
, 29 Apr 2004 (UTC):Yes, they feared democracy (which was natural, seeing how they were from the rich and privileged layers of society). But they feared feudalism and absolute monarchy even more.  15:57	1
`Matthew Stannard, an expert of the English language, who constantly criticizes my use of English, interprets in his latest edit ``capable human`` as a ``human deemed to have the capabilities of humanity``. In what dictionary did you find such definition? The word ``capable`` has much more exact meaning, what is widely known to every educated person, in 1913 public domain Webster the first definition is ``Possessing legal power or capacity; as, a man capable of making a contract, or a will``. The capable person must have enough mental powers and ability to think to make a contract or will, what this means is legally very well determined what this means. Old people who are going to make a will are sometimes asked questions like who is the prime minister of his/her country, to find out whether he/she is mentally able, and carefully checked that every sentence is what he/she really wants. The other definition is ``Possessing adequate power; qualified; able; fully competent; as, a capable instructor; a capable judge; a mind capable of nice investigations``, but these are mostly the meanings for specific cases (like instructor or judge, not ordinary human). But not ``deemed to have the capabilities of humanity``.  `	1
:I've pushed it back to 1984 now. The term does seem to originate with the Aryan Nations.   	0
:Excellent! Yes, go to ToL and find where I have Cephalopods listed and add Gastropods.  You can post to Wikipedia:Announcements and Wikipedia:Village Pump to let folks know it's up and running and to find fellow gastropod enthusiasts. -  	0
::Levzur has been at this in one form or another since December. He is simply trying to make us give up and go away. Zviad Gamsakhurdia, for instance, has already been protected at least six times over the past few months and Levzur has resumed attacking it within hours or days at the most after protection is lifted. Protection will achieve nothing except blocking anyone from editing the articles, which is apparently his aim. We can't leave articles protected permanently, which is what would be necessary if we were solely reliant on protection; I'd suggest blocking his IP addresses instead.   	1
hey richWUZZUP?My mom loves you... SO HAVE FUN HUH!!! THANK YOU AND GOOD NIGHT!	1
re:  (revert. Thanks, but last changes make no distinction bwtween those culturally affected by Birmingham, and Nick Mason, who wasn't.)Hmmm, I'm not sure if it's so important to be splitting hairs on a list at Birmingham on this. Wouldn't this concern be something to mention on Nick Mason instead? If you disagree, I'd be interested to hear your reasoning. -)  	0
::I also wonder if you've looked at , where Daeron accuses me of plagiarism because I put some material he'd written, previously reverted, back into the article with some changes; and possibly of anti-semitism because he perceives my position with respect to a debate at Talk:Jerusalem as contradictory to my position in this article.  So he's the one with the superior commitment to NPOV?  (I'd add that I won't dispute that his knowledge of this region is clearly superior to that of any of the rest of us - many of my own disputes with his version of the article have come out of a critical eye on facts he himself provides, disputing the conclusions he draws from the facts rather than the facts themselves).   	1
`Hi. Please disambiguate ``Java`` on your user page. For example, Java. Thanks.  `	1
::Yes, much better.  Personally I'd like to have a clear understanding of what happens when you don't implement a valid solution.  For example, with the dining philosophers, it's clear that deadlock occurs when they all take, say, their left forks and then wait for the other  it is then easy to work out the solution for yourself.  With this article, the solution is outlined well, but I don't think that it is immediately clear why it is correct to someone who is only vaguely familiar with semaphores.  Thanks.   	0
I just changed the logotype by uploading ATI_Logo_0903.pngIf I should rather have deleted existing ATI logo.png and replaced it with the new image, say so (or just fix it). As it is, there are two ATi logo images on Wikipedia, one of which no longer matches the official one (and it had that ugly placement of (r) anyway).	1
`:::Actually, John, I didn't complain about the color at all. -)  I do think, though, that if someone feels a color is unattractive, saying ``we needed to choose a unique color and we did`` isn't really addressing the issue  although I think you're right that infoboxes are generally ugly.  Their usefulness needs to outweigh their aesthetic drawbacks, and I think yours has, in this case.  Theresa is free to disagree with me, of course.  Aggressive editing (hmm, that sounds hostile....is it supposed to?  Bold editing, though, is encouraged, and probably amounts to the same thing) sounds intriguingly vague.  And I'm not trying to bog you down (what do you mean by ``science kook``?  Hopefully not me)  if Irismeister wants to answer my question about interpolations, I think that makes the most sense.  You'd indicated that you were going to edit the article for Dr. Jipa and I wanted to make sure we were being careful with verifiable and sourced information, but perhaps your comment indicates you've changed your mind?  Anyhow, I think you're right on the color.  `	1
`Sodium,While I generally like this well fleshed-out article I must point out someinconsistencies and present my reservations and remarks.``For lay people or for academics`` - this issue has not been tackledproperly by Wikipedia community yet. It seems to be really hard to strikea balance between these two approaches.Obviously I am looking at this article from the professional's perspectiveand I feel the article is lacking something.There is another thing, in the last decades medicine has changed considerably.Evidence-based medicine, large international studies and meta-analysespave the way for everyday practice. We no longer take medical standards andmedical knowledge for granted it must be well researched and put underscrutiny of double-blind randomised studies. A statement is never completewithout references from respected peer-reviewed medical journals.Considering this health science articles seem incomplete or evensound like the medical knowledge of the past.# ``present in cigarettes`` - better ``in cigarette smoke`` or better still - ``in tobacco smoke``# ``lung cancer`` - ``lung neoplasm`` - ``lung tumour``  these can not always be used interchangably and can be misleading sometimes# ``cells lining the bronchi`` - bronchial mucous membrane (consider changing in some places ``cells`` into ``tissue``)# ``patient here would start to cough up blood-stained material`` -it is unclear because of cancer or abscess# histology of lung neoplasms  asbestos is carcinogenic in case of mesothelioma mainly AFAIR# treatment section needs more material# all in all this article needs some rewrite and probably should fork into several other articles about specific histological types of neoplasms - they are diferrent in many respects. A good job but let's combine our efforts to make it even better.Kpjas`	0
`:::Utah ``War`` is a misnomer; it's more like the ``Utah standoff``.  AFAIK, there were no casualties resulting from the few engagements between the Mormons and the US Army. War crime? That's getting too ananchronistic, don't you think? MMM is not a war crime. Lee was convicted in civilian court, not a courts-martial. | `	0
`**Puritan yes  dumb no, not except for in your rhetoric above. Since I was 17 and started full-time apprenticeship, I admit to have studied the foreign language of the country where I live in any way resembling school. ``Intellectual`` - just the right accusation to throw at me! Common Americans being more ignorant of their country's foreign politics than the electorates of other democracies, that's a fact. The arguments are very well presented by plenty of others. There is no need to repeat those. I added what I hold for the most important, i.e. that of Wikipedia's credibility (outside of the US).  #`	0
::::I've got to say, before I begin, that I've been trying to stay out of this spat, and that if anything, I've been in agreement with Julie. That said, I'm with AlexR on this one. This suggestion that the numbers are about equal with transwomen is, I must say, new to me. From both personal experience and extensive reading, just about everything I have ever encountered on the subject has suggested that the ratio is about 1:1. The same would be reflected in those I have known personally over the years.  	0
==Hellfire Club==Sorry R, my knowledge of things related to the Hellfire Club is shockingly minimal.  	0
Here we have you admitting a lower cost than you will allow in the article:  Make the reliability point in the article if you will.  But it seems you are not being consistent.   	1
Your  are great. Have you thought about advertising them some more, such as on the scripting requests page, and possibly moving them into the Wikipedia namespace?  	0
`::It's not the wording or whether it's okay, so much as the question of whether the choice is really supposed to be random, and if it's not then the article shouldn't say that it is. When a contestant chooses 50:50 in the American version, Regis says, ``Computer, please take away two answers, leaving one wrong answer and the correct one.`` So I'm not certain it's really random, so I'm going to remove that one word from the article.  `	0
Please don't call people names.  And your inclusion of all of those pictures on the Laura Bush page is excessive.  ''' 	1
::This is rather unfortunate, since I'm feeling like we just got to a point where we agree with each other.  By the time you get back, I'll be gone, pretty much for the summer.  I'm going to look around for some hardcore denier websites (although I hate to give them the traffic) and post them here soon, although it's shaping up to be a busy weekend.  As for making a seperate revisionist page, I was very much in favour of it, but didn't have the time to write it before it got deleted.  There had been a revert war, and people pretty much decided that it would be better just to cover both here.  I would encourage you to write one on your user page and getting approval before posting it, otherwise some of the hardliners are likely to get all angsty on you.  Good luck!   	0
`Postgres After returning to Berkeley, Stonebraker started a post-Ingres project to address the problems with the relational database model that had become increasing clear during the early 1980s. Primary among these was the relational model's inability to understand ``types``, combination of simpler data that make up a single unit. Today we typically refer to these as objects. ``...the problems with the relational database model`` - I do not believe this was the case, there was no problem other than ignorance of the fundamentals.``Primary among these was the relational model's inability to understand ``types``...`` - complete rubbish, should be removed.Replace with this para:== Postgres == After returning to Berkeley, Stonebraker started a post-Ingres project to address limitations of existing database management implementations.`	1
`I was sad to see that you're going to be away for the next week, because as you're coming back, I will be leaving for the summer after that.  I want you to know that despite our disagreements, I really appreciate what you're trying to do.  It's difficult for most people to write a truly NPOV article, which is why what Wikipedia does is so great.  By having hundreds of thousands of authors, almost every point of view is represented, and people are forced to compromise, usually resulting in pure truth.  Unfortunately, the Holocaust is one of the few subjects where this doesn't work.  It is a subject which should be purely history.  The Nazis kept spectacular notes on everything that they did, and it should be spectacularly easy to say ``this here is exactly what happened.  We know, because of the monthly reports written by Himmler.``  Unfortunately, Holocaust deniers continually show up, most of whom have no interest in truth or even compromise.  They tend to wipe entire paragraphs, and replace them with their own propaganda.  This is just who they are.  They cannot provide evidence as convincing a page from Hitler's desk ordering the final solution to ``The Jewish Problem`` so they don't listen or compromise and eventually leave in a bad mood.At the same time, I can't exactly claim to be NPOV either.  It is fairly clear from what I have already written here that I hold Holocaust deniers in no high esteem.  Quite frankly, I find their so called ``beliefs`` to be an attack against me and my people.  It is, to me, like someone claiming there was never racial segregation in the United States, and that even if there was, the slave owners didn't know their slaves were being beaten.  It would be an absolutely ridiculous claim, and yet people get away with it in reference to the Jews.  It is good, therefore, that someone has shown up who is interested in this issue, but who has no real stake in the argument.  I would caution you, however, against being overly zealous in your changes.  Holocaust deniers are, by and large, anti-Semitic.  My personal favourite group believes that Jews are shape shifting lizards from Mars who are infiltrating the world governments in order to enslave humanity.  And yes, this group has a following.  The ``Holocaust Revisionist`` lines and the ``Jewish persecution was wrong`` lines are simply ways of attracting new followers who can then be trained to believe just about anything once they've got their foot in the door.  The people running these groups are solely occupied with promoting anti-Semitism in the hopes that some day they can finish off what Hitler started.  I encourage you to write carefully about what they believe, but please don't be fooled by them.I wish you the best of luck.   `	1
`Thanks Rb, I have indeed read that, the whole point of me defending these two main points.. nick mason and places of interest is that i DO believe them to be extremely relevent to the page, Andy is definately ``bold in updating pages`` and thats great but without other peoples hard work to update there wouldn't be any updating to do, infact this place wopuld be rather empty. Andy is very bold in deleting work that in my opinion shouldn't be deleted and especially without discussion first.I have suggested a vote because to get mediation etc really is a last resort.Nick`	0
Romanian is very different from Dalmatian, so they probably developed in distant regions. This suggests that Romanians could not have come from the western part of the Balkans (including Albania). - I think that this argument should be entirely removed as it definitelly is not argument against theory of migration from south, but barely from Dalmatia (nobody claims that Vlachs arrived from Dalmatia). It is just irrelevant. On the same basis Dalamiatian could be replaced by Italian. 	0
e.g. the visits to Nazi concentration camps in WWII?	0
Is this battle the same as Battle of Kadesh ?   07:50, 2004 Jun 1 (UTC)	0
lol Rita Guerra is a prominent person? this must be some kind of joke	1
  view -talk - edit	0
`===Plautus satire's irresponsible comments are those of a crackpot.===Plautus satire's comments are idiotic nonsense. I have refereed papers for five mathematics journals, and my published papers have been refereed (and some unpublished ones that I submitted). Obviously history is consulted; obviously proof-checking is not the main point of refereeing; obviously novel ideas are examined in the context of accepted notions. To say that mathematics is not a science but a ``language`` ignores the fact that hundreds of journals are devoted to publishing new discoveries in mathematics. Obviously in judging publication-worthiness one considers how new discoveries may be relevant to potential future research; one considers esthetics (which for most mathematicians is the main motive for doing mathematics or for learning mathematics). Whence this loony idea that there is no need to consult history? Do you not see sections on how a new discovery fits into the historical development of the subject in many research papers in mathematics?Plautus satire's comments are those of a crackpot.  `	1
`==Brianism==I do not know if you are watching Brianism Talk, but it is fair that you should see this: An Open Letter from Rex Mundi, co-founder of Brianism.  In view of this, I have changed my vote to Delete. Link has apparently been ``e-mailed to participants in the discussion``, but not posted on WP by the writer - which is why I am doing it. I also do not see how the writer would have all the e-mail addresses involved. Kind regards,  `	0
== Ballet ==Hi, I'd like to ask you to contribute to the Glossary of ballet terms. It is so poor now.  	0
Hello, and welcome to Wikipedia! Nice job on Danderyd and  Djursholm. Good job also on the uploaded images Image:Djursholmsslott.png and Image:Djursholmskapell.png, however photographs should be uploaded in JPEG format in order to conserve space. Re-uploading them in the correct format will reduce them to about a tenth of their current size. If you have any general questions you should also feel free to visit the Village pump. Cheers!   	1
Please stop vandalising or you will be blocked from Wikipedia.  This is the discussion page for an anonymous user who has not created an account yet or who does not use it. We therefore have to use the numerical IP address to identify him/her. Such an IP address can be shared by several users. If you are an anonymous user and feel that irrelevant comments have been directed at you, please create an account or log in to avoid future confusion with other anonymous users. 	1
  This is the discussion page for an anonymous user who has not created an account yet or who does not use it. We therefore have to use the numerical IP address to identify him/her. Such an IP address can be shared by several users. If you are an anonymous user and feel that irrelevant comments have been directed at you, please create an account or log in to avoid future confusion with other anonymous users. 	0
:One soul can direct ALL his mindjob to another one, who will feel this in his dreams. You just have to think to another one (for example: think (say) the words of your thinking to another certain soul whom you want to think it). You to not even have to know the name of the target person, instead you just have to know that (s)he is. )  	0
`:The relevant quote is here: ``When I first began tinkering with a software program that eventually gave rise to the idea of the World Wide Web, I named it Enquire, short for Enquire Within upon Everything, a musty old book of Victorian advice I noticed as a child in my parents' house outside London. With its title suggestive of magic, the book served as a portal to a world of information, everything from how to remove clothing stains to tips on investing money. Not a perfect analogy for the Web, but a primitive starting point.``   `	0
==Protection==Very few sysops have protected their user pages. I recommend you read m:Protected pages considered harmful before you consider doing this. My personal view if that sysops should not have the right to protect their user page when ordinary users can not. Adminship is supposed to be about protecting Wikipedia, not just your own pages. As far as your templates go, if you want to protect them, why not move them to your own user space? The new version of the software allows inclusion from other namespaces. For example, {{subst:User talk:Angela}} on any page would display the current version of my talk page there.  	0
No indication of where in the world this is. Spelling of article title doesn't match spelling in article text. Is this a place there is already another article about? If so, merge.   	1
 11:00, 2004 Jun 11 (UTC)	0
: Other people sometimes have a different screen resolution, font size, and/or browser than you.  The image was previously 350 pixels wide. The TOC is approximately that same width, at least in my font size. That makes 700 pixels. How is that and the sidebar supposed to fit on a 800x600 resultion?   	0
, where Ploticus does not render to PNG	0
Hi - per the Wikipedia:Manual of Style we start headers at == and we work down from there. I know it can look a bit big but that's how it's done ) Thanks  	0
`Hi Euric - welcome to Wikipedia. About your recent edits to Floppy disk: Metric specifications are no 1 worldwide now, agreed. But that's not the point here. It's a fact that these floppies have been called 5- and 3-inch and that has to be seen in a historical perspective. The fact that the 3-disk is actually 90mm in size has also been clearly stated in the article. (It might have been called a ``90 disk`` or something similar, if it was invented 10 years from now ) And even when using the metric system, you'll sometimes run into ``misnomers``; if you bought a 2-litre car it is highly likely that it sports an engine with only 2,4895 litres of displacement.  07:36, 2004 May 21 (UTC)`	1
:While I don't feel the paragraph is out of line, I'd say just edit in the basic facts and edit out the farcical statements. Statements as to why a pope didn't have a coronation belong in HIS article. If the removal of the tiara at 2nd vatican council doesn't impact it's modern use, don't mention it. Just state that tiaras weren't used with these popes as they entered the papcy by installation, not coronation, but Church Law indicates that use of the tiara and future popes' coronations are expected.: 	0
== Empty Friends plots ==I think I put stub notes on those pages, are these not sufficient? The incomplete pages are definately works in progress. Would it be safer just to disable the links until I am ready to totally complete the article?	1
:I'd say you like Nintendo too much. ;):It's a good idea, now I think about it. I've been trying to think back to when bosses became popular (a mite difficult seeing as I would have been about five years old), and it seems that the flash point is in 1985.:However, I am quite heavily biased toward scrolling shooters, so I'm probably missing something important. Bosses are, on the other hand, probably more important in scrolling shooters than any other genre, because they have to break up the linearity of the game.:Anyway. In 1985, you've that Mario game thingy, and Gradius, which is the first time I can recall having to fight a huge boss character. Then in 1986 you've got Darius, which is the earliest game I know of that had different bosses for every level. I think it had minibosses too.:And then it really gets going. In 1987, I can name R-Type, Raiden, and Rainbow Islands as having distinct bosses, and by this point it was all pretty standard. But I'm just namedropping (and article-dropping too, seeing as I wrote most of those articles ;) ). The point is that there seems to be a dark age of bosses before 1985, so it would probably be interesting to unravel that.:The very earliest enemy-that-could-conceivably-be-thought-of-as-a-boss that I can think of (not including that Dungeons and Dragons thing mentioned in the article, which I know nothing about) is the Flag Ship from Gorf, an arcade game released in 1981, in the prime of the Space Invaders Era. Gorf was like five games in one, and when the player completed a level, they would move onto a level in the next game.:The fifth level was a battle with the Flag Ship. It has all the hallmarks of a boss: It's much bigger than the player's ship, much better armed, has its own forcefield, and is only minorly damaged by the player's weapon. The only way to destroy it is to hit it in its weak spot - a reactor situated deep within the ship.:Now I think about it, I don't know why I didn't mention this before. The thing is, I always thought of the Flag Ship as a 'level' rather than a boss. There wasn't really any concept of a boss at that point in history. Still, it's a start.  	0
` (UTC)::A car can't, but ``event of car hitting dog`` can be figuratively merciful to someone being chased by a rabid dog | 03:25, 16 Jun 2004`	1
`== IPA - what ==I read the main page of the article on IPA.On the plus side it is clear.On the minus side, it makes no attempt to explain what the IPA is.  (context, scope, purpose, etc.)Nice chart.  Lots of data (for people who probably have no need of it) but virtually no general information.My questions (which weren't answered - keep in mind I'm a totally lay person):An alphabet is used to 1.  Communicate between a writer and a reader (of the same language), 2.  Describe that communication (unambigously?)  Right?Certain things are implied by its name, but clearly one should define what the subject of the alphabet is (are).  I have no idea if it covers all indoeuropean languages not to mention Mandarin Chinese (etc.)?Does it (attempt) to cover all spoken languages? Written?  What about non-vocal languages (finger snaps - all that stuff).  Sign-language?  We now have some evidence that hand gestures are linked to language in the brain...but I digress.  From a simplistic point of view language can be thought of as being three distinct (context sensitive) types of communication: written/read, spoken/heard and performed/viewed.  I suppose an alphabet can't cover the last (but see how choreographers describe dance) and, obviously, there are non-alphabetical languages (pictographics, heiroglyphic, etc.) just as there are languages which make use of whistles, clicks.  SO what does the IPA do?It just occured to me that maybe the IPA is (now-a-days) only used by euro-centric hobbyists and that would explain why there was no attention given to giving a serious explanation of what it is: ``if you have to ask...{then you don't need to know}```	1
PS. I was also amused to discover that those trollish users who oppose anything but hyphens include none other than , of recent notoriety.	1
* The article is not quite correct. Decoherence times can range from picoseconds to seconds, depending on the physical system used to implement quantum computer. I think the statement about one nanosecond refers to a different physical system than the one used to build 7 qubit computer. I should go to library, check all the details and rewrite this. :Error correction can be used to protect against decoherence but was not used in the 7 qubit experiment. 	0
`-as for the spelling of ``medieval``: The OED reports no recent uses of ``mediaeval``.  Lewis himself had ``medieval`` in the title to ``The Discarded Image`` (as old versions of the page, and other sources, show).  The OED reports nothing distinctively American about ``medieval`` or British about ``mediaeval``, recording uses from both sides of the pond (though the latter, as I said, has no recent uses).   06:05 16 Jul 2003 (UTC)`	0
Initial content is what I could glean from Japanese article.	0
I gladly want know what there is so commonly, and I leave that to you.  	0
==Discussion in Manual of Style Japan== has some strange ideas about you in Wikipedia talk:Manual of Style for Japan-related articles, please correct him.  	0
OK well I will drop by and see how things are progressing. Are you interested in Lyndon LaRouche, by the way? I have been having fun there, too.  	0
`No offense taken as I am certainly not any kind of serious scholar, but a search on ``shortest president`` suggests that many believe Madison was the shortest at 5'4``, so if you know something that is contrary to popular belief, please document it if only for my benefit.`	1
`:::I feel like you're making the mistake of assuming I'm an anarcho-capitalist. I'm not, particularly. Nor am I unaware that both Rand and the Libertarian party are wary of the label anarchist - just as wary as many left anarchists are of anarcho-capitalism. It's an uneasy relationship. The article should describe that. But the relationship is there - plenty of people accuse Rand of being an anarcho-capitalist, regardless of her denials of that fact, for instance. And plenty of people accuse the Libertarians of that. I mean, I think the umbrella label ``anarchism`` is a problematic one in a lot of ways - particularly in how so many groups simultaneously want to claim the label and avoid the label. I think the article needs to make the dissent and controversy surrounding the word itself clear. And any evidence I've offered in this debate should be taken as evidence of exactly how unclear the word is.  `	0
Indeed, this page should sensibly discuss Ireland, the (cultural) country (not the Republic), despite the fact that since 1922 it's been split across two juristictions. However, it's somewhat inevitable that the whole issue of partition is in the article. In a way, our lives do revolve around it.: 	0
::As does outwith.  Many Scots live outside Scotland and we use outwith without hesitation, so it is used outside Scotland. I've never had anybody query me on its meaning and that meaning is pretty clear in this sentence.  I see no reason to change it.  If you want to change Wikipedia to Standard English, there are plenty of Americanisms to take up your time but I'd suggest that you accept minor national variants in English spelling, vocabulary and grammar.   |  19:25, 2004 Jun 27 (UTC)	0
-Oh. Sorry about that. I was just having a little gun!	1
You say that England does not have a national anthem of its own?!?  You obviously don't live in England!	1
Anyone know where we can get exit poll data, or data from Eastern provinces, as it happens?   	0
`== A suggestion ==I'm Comae again. At the Spanish Wikipedia we have been talking about  genealogical trees. It would be very useful for Mithology, kings, Tolkien, and others. The trouble is that we cant find an usable way to do it, getting links in the tree. I've used HTML lists, but they don't make the cut. Tables are difficult to edit and correct. I was trying to do it with timelines, which may come in handy, but it's not as intuitive for non-tech people to edit later. Now, I see you are already busy with all the trouble with timelines, but I thought you may use a suggestion for future versions, or find an alternative. Thank you for the patience. (I hope you can understand this strange babbling I call ``my English``) es:User:Comae `	1
Not deleted based on Wikipedia:Votes for deletion/Agent 212	0
Reply to Dunc_Harris: OpenOffice is a word processor indeed. As the text ist authentic, I have no further sources to mention but myself, Mihai Nadin and Elvira Nadin. 	0
`== Membership Claims ==I would suggest that the group may Bold textclaimBold text 30,000 members in the U.S. and Canada, but that the operative word is ``claim``.  I doubt that its average-sized congregation is 1,000, which is what this would entail; I've seen several of their buildings and I would guess that that they would tend to have claimed membership around 100 in the typical congregation and worship attendance of typically 60 or 70; the 30,000 members may be more of a worldwide number than North American.  Also, I've seen ``Jerusalem Acres`` and if this is the headquarters of a 30,000 member group, then they have very little regard for, and very little per capita investment in, their headquarters, and this would certainly make them most atypical Pentecostals.  User:Rlquall 29 Jun 2004 20:05 UCT`	0
why is I used as the letter for current in equations?	0
`::I should have guessed you wouldn't like it.  But, as I said, it was just a beginning.  The three trends and so on were simply lifted from the old version of the page, prior to the creation of the ``super-page``.  The Hess, etc., part was lifted from the Diversity in anarchism page (which I changed to a redirect).  I based this on existing text, not writing that of my own; any ``errors`` are not mine.  And, eliminating the historical information was as I see it necessary to making this the minimal page that was suggested.  Indeed, it seems most favorable to what you want to accomplish to segregate the histories of the various anarchisms, as you see some as fully independent.  `	0
:Hi, haven't gotten a reply yet and I wanted to check to see if you were still looking for AMA assistance.  	0
 2004 (UTC):Hello, an update on the kafkaian frwiki policies on categories and interwiki. Now, you placed them where you want (up or down) when you created them on a page. Nobody shouts )  08:41, 2 Jul	0
What makes you think that everyone any country outside of the US knows the names of all of the US states? Do you know the names of all of the counties in England? I don't see how this question is in any way relevant  anyway.  	0
`==Parenthesis ``(, )`` don't work in links==Cant get working links in timelines with parenthesis. For example, I can't link es:Plutn (planeta) in a timeline. Could you fix it? Thank you very much. es:User:Comae `	1
`I had heard that the ``X`` for the ``sh`` sound was borrowed from Portugese when the need arose in transcribing Mesoamerican names.I'd tend to say that the name is ``Mexico`` in English and ``Mxico`` in the language of the country. Are there some parts of Latin America where ``Mjico`` is common, and if so where? Or is that spelling pretty much restricted to Spain?   Wondering,  `	0
: Response on , wait... no... . )     	1
: It says using templates is ok. Correct me if I am wrong  	0
Hmmm. Provided it was not a spontaneous phenomenon native to the planet (which seems a remote possibility) it was likely something to do with a meteorite. I always thought that a meteorite was thought to have caused the effect (which was centered in the air by the way) but the HOW of it remains a mystery. Still, i'm not really high on it. Please fill in other interesting impacts -) Anders Trlind Here's a question; are bits of stuff that fall on other planets also called meteorites? Or is this a geocentric term? Dictionary.com seems to suggest this, but doesn't say it explicitly one way or the other.  21:49 Jul 23, 2002 (PDT)	0
`:no problem. I'm sure I have used dab as an edit summary the same way, although now I try to use ``avoid redirect`` when simply adjusting a redirect (usually after moving a page) and reserving ``dab`` for making a genuine disambiguation. Doesn't really make that much of a difference though. But I'd reccommend caution in making any changes to discussion pages. As for articles, well, I really don't see any harm in valid redirectsto me it illustrates the flexibility of WP, but I guess there's no harm in changing them either, so carry on.  `	0
`==== 's bizarre behavior====Pot, kettle. What, do you get off on acting like a cop around here or something? If you don't have a problem with my edits, don't concern yourself with matters that don't involve you.  :Funny  that's exactly what I would say to you  since this is my talk page we're discussing. | ::The tone of your responses, which makes evident a presumption of bad faith, is unwarranted, and especially unbecoming of someone who is supposed to be a ``mediator.`` FYI, I dealt with User:Sparky in the same fashion as other users working on the Reagan article. It might have been misguided, but I did have a reason for dealing with Sparky the way I did. Before I got involved in this dispute, I noticed that User:Jiang had removed the rape section, writing ``Wikipedia is not the National Enquirer.`` He too left no comment on the talk page after removing it. So, combined with the nature of the material in question, and what seemed to be unanimous opposition to his work from other editors chiming in on the subject, this led me to conclude that this issue would be widely recognized as a vandalism matter, and thus an appropriate situation for automatic reversion. Perhaps I made the wrong calculation, but I was acting to prevent what arguably appeared to be vandalism at the time.  :::Your agression, accusations, and self-righteousness are the issue that I'm concerned about, and my feeling is that your behavior  not the content you propose to add or delete  is a problem.:::And as far as my bad faith? You said just above, ``...mudslinging...pointing fingers...digging up dirt on each other...You gave your opinion...tabloid garbage`` and then ``Pot, kettle. What, do you get off on acting like a cop around here or something? If you don't have a problem with my edits, don't concern yourself with matters that don't involve you.`` I rest my case, to quote Perry Mason.:::So that's all I have to say. I have grown weary of this discussion and my attention will no longer be focused on it. Cheers, | ::::I posted my last message hoping that you'd be able to see where I was coming from, so that we could start dealing with each other on a cooperative basis. Instead, you responded with your most vehement personal attack yet. Still, I'm ready to start off with a clean slate with you if you are willing to do the same with me.  === What are the rules? . . . ===What are the rules? (Where are the rules?) Who can post? How many editors are there? What is the mediation committee? Why allow someone to edit a page, if they are not logged in? (As I wasn't re: Chiasmus, etc.)More specifically, why not allow chiasmus examples on the chiasmus page?Thanks...:Hi Vanatter  I've left a number of useful links to info about policies and rules on  but you didn't do anything ``wrong``, and we welcome your edits, whether logged in or not, but we also do ``cleanup`` on articles. If you have some something (relatively brief) that you have analyzed and that you want to add to Chiasmus as an example, that would be great, but we generally frown upon people adding links to their web sites to articles as it seems too close to advertising.:I hope this helps clarify things and that you continue to contribute to Wikipedia. And for more info on the Wikipedia:Mediation Committee please see Wikipedia:Dispute resolution.:Thanks, | `	1
== The source of legislative authority ==The opening sentence is wrong. It saysIn the politics of the United Kingdom, legislative authority (that is, the power to make laws) is vested in Parliament . . . Incorrect. Legislative authority is vested in The Queen-in-Parliament, ie the participation of the monarch and the two houses. Unless the Queen Assents to a Bill, it cannot become law. In fact no monarch since Queen Anne with a Militia Bill in I think 1714 has declined to grant Assent. But Assent is still a legal requirement. Legislature authority exists only through The Queen-in-Parliament. Executive authority only exists through The Queen-in-Council with the cabinet exercising executive  power as a committee of the (Privy) Council. (That's why every minister must be a Rt. Hon, ie a member of the Privy Council.) So this article contains a fundamental mistake in its opening sentence. Oh dear! -)  05:47 14 Jul 2003 (UTC)== When did the parliament first appear? ==Hi, I have a really stupid question on the birth of the British Parliament.  According to the information on this web, there was no standing parliament pre-1640s.  So, when was the embrio of Parliament first formed, for what cause and under what circumstance?   20:40 3 Oct 2003 (UTC)	0
* Congratulations, my friend!   |  	0
Good evening, Bishonen.  Saw your additions to Parental leave.  Hope you continue to contribute, and you might want to create a user page.   	0
` :I also added that ``Extreme leftist factions are becoming more prevalent in today's society (particularily in Europe), and the public image of the AWM is more affected by them than the silence majority``.:`	1
`== MOS Technology? ==There is evidence that the company is not named ``MOS Technologies``, but rather ``MOS Technology, inc.``. See for example this datasheet: . Anybody else has input on this? `	0
` User:198.103.53.5Now reads:* Undermines Secular Government: some religious adherents argue that all human endeavour, including government, is subordinate to ``God's Law.`` This undermines the legitimacy of secular government. For this reason, modern democracies demand a separation of church and state.`	0
`*Paragraph one: if you are uncertain as to whether Lincoln was an important spokesman for the American System, why on earth would you be editing this article?*Paragraph two: I used the qualifier ``arguably,`` and I think it is justified to discuss the track record of the American System approach, which is now virtually unknown in its country of origin, to the track record of the other two options, which are normally the only ones discussed. Feel free to cite a success story for Marxism or Laissez-Faire. However, I agree that this paragraph might be better couched in a ``proponents of the American system assert a, and opponents respond with b`` format. I won't attempt to edit it, however, until we get arbitration, because you, Andy, and your cohorts, are in the ``revert, don't debate`` mode.*Paragraph three: simple statement of fact. Can you name another outspoken proponent of the American System, other than LaRouche? Remember, your dislike or LaRouche, or of the American System, is not at issue. And, just out of curiosity, what is your gripe against Sun Yat-Sen? `	1
i have a dick, its bigger than yours! hahaha	1
 (UTC):::Here in Ireland, one generally expects Alt-Gr + 4 to work on a reasonably new PC keyboard with Windows. The reason Alt-Gr + E is not used in Ireland, is that here we use Alt-Gr + AEIOUaeiou to produce the Irish accented characters . All new keyboards have a  symbol to the right of the 4. I would have thought some of this is true for UK keyboard layouts also, but I don't know.  21:40, 14 Jul 2004	0
I didn't actually know the numbers, so thank you -) I think your current version of the para is fine, btw -  	0
`This is so excellent! I'm very happy to see the correct spelling added  I think I just assumed ``shee-ack`` was ``chiaque``.One question: I've heard about revival, artists' use of Le Chiac, etc. I think there's even a dictionary or two somewhere. But I don't have any info, and can't find such on the Web. suggestions?  `	0
.*The Force: Penned original draft of Video Game Portrayal	0
` Try to use less subjective terms to describe this ``exceptionally`` subjective term.`	0
So what are we going to do with the South Bay area of San Francisco Bay?  ''' 	0
Just look it up.  Its obvious.	0
I have requested mediation between RK and myself and/or Zero.  See Wikipedia:Requests for mediation.   	0
Put your text for the new page here.my name is MR VIVIAN C KENNEY  i just built a demo model of the grasshopper escapement for showing at the annual SYDNEY REGIONAL OCT.18-19 I will be representing MELBOURNE CHAPTER 122 A.A.H.S. My clock is large and made from wood. The escape wheel being 20 inches diam.and is hand made etc.Itis weight driven and runs beautifly.   R.T.GOULD did a drawing in 1930 and i followed it plus harrison etc. Turret clock restoration is always of interest to me and my email is  jkenney[at]optusnet.com.au   p.s. i cannot type the symbol for the[at] in my address so please rectify when writing to me.	0
 And the intent was to convey that '...from an ideal security perspective...' etc. Reword as desired to make this clear if the original intent is acceptable. I agree with the bold faced sentiment, and in the VMS experience noted here, was implementing policy from above.  	0
`I disagree with the hard-and-fast division into ``English`` and ``non-English`` in the Billion and Trillion (which is too definite IMO) articles, (but agree the accepted Wikipedia value should be the US one). Here is why.My Collins English-German dictionary, third edition, purchased in England 1997, has this entry:Trillion n (Brit) Trillion f; (US) Billion f.Now the Trillion referred to is the German for 1 followed by 18 zeroes, and Billion is the German word for 1 followed by 12 zeroes.My few German acquaintances tell me they know this difference between the British and American (US) usage of ``Trillion``. Similarly for Billion. Also I did once hear an English-speaking person use ``milliard``, I had to ask them what it was! They (a well educated but non-British person) thought it was a common English word.My Cassell's English-Italian dictionary, admittedly an old 1985 edition, makes the same distinction in this way:Billion Bilione (English, 1,000,000,000,000; Amer. 1,000,000,000)Similar distinction for Trillion. Neither divides the usage into ``English`` and ``non-English``, speaking or otherwise.Admittedly current usage in the United Kingdom is either confusion or has adopted the American (US) usage. This has certainly been the case in the financial industry. I was taught the 'old' British usage of both terms in a school run by Americans in a British colony (helps to pass the British exams).The www.unc.edu link in Talk:Trillion above explains this, so I feel the articles should reflect this admittedly ambiguous difference. I tend to clarify when speaking English to well-educated non-British Europeans(who are aware of the problem with Billion and Trillion), as to exactly which I am using (``American`` or ``British``) to make it clear.Having said all that I'm not sure what's best: American and non-American; English and non-English; British and American (how the dictionaries usually give it); standard usage and non-standard?- |  11:06, 2004 Jul 21 (UTC)`	0
: It might be worth mentioning that according to tradition, Ignatius was a young child and among the crowds who heard Jesus' preaching. This would make him quite old at the time of his execution, but it's not entirely unreasonable. I agree that neither Ignatius nor Polycarp add much in the way of biographical detail that is not already found in the Gospels.  	0
: ALoan's edit > your edit.   |  	1
*Redirect, redundant.  | 	0
`Pedant, reinstating your squicky dissertation on grotty clothing as ``sociology of clothing`` is just plain wrong. It is not sociology, anthropology, or any kind of social science. LET GO OF IT!If you want to put it somewhere, it might appear under ``fetishes`` if radically edited.  `	1
I'm going to gather that together again in Liberalism in countries. I think it is useful to see in one place how diverse the usages are, instead of having them only exist scattered around.   	0
`== I didn't think that mattered since AndyL by virtue of invoking the ``protect`` on John Kerry must obviously be either an AKA for another user (ie; phoney account for doing dirty deeds) or simply LYING about being unavailable until September 15th.Even so, forgive me for not knowing that maximum curtesy must be afforded evn to those WHO CONSPIRE to lie and cheat.In the future, I shall be more careful! `	1
`:::No, the ``problem`` is that you choose to infer the worst possible motives from any inconsistencies in Kerry's record, then assert the criticism as incontrovertible truth, and dismiss anyone who disagrees with you as being a ``Kerry sycophant`` or of whitewashing your self-proclaimed truth. Should the inconsistencies be mentioned? Certainly, if they are substantive. But different conclusions can be drawn from such inconsistenicies and we need to clearly distinguish between speculative conclusions and bare facts.  : What about the link to ABC News and NY Times stories? Both of those sources confirm a set of facts that is different from what Kerry tells us is so... Alos, if my writing style offends you, why don't YOU write the new blurb, but this time INCLUDE the links to the articles which the others kept deleting out from under me....?:Oh and by the way, it's only your supposition that I choose to infer the ``worst``. As a matter of fact, by proclaiming my view to be the ``worst`` you betray your BIAS that anyone who highlights Kerry faults is somehow bad or wrong. What if it turns out that I am right about Kerry... that he has changed his story - that he is covering up for a guilty conscience, then what? Is it still the ``worst`` to believe something that's true?: Additionally, I can turn your comment around and ask, why is it that YOU prefer to believe the ``best`` about Kerry. Credulity does not impress me as a hallmark of a good editor. Frankly, if you can't see the glowing pro-Kerry tone of the total article, you are not very perceptive.: Not only that, but the disputed sections: 'Medal-Toss' and '1971 VVAW MTG', in the forms they stand now, are extrremely tilted in favor of Kerry. In particular, the VVAW secion is so chopped and convoluted in it's strain to only allow in quotes that help Kerry, that it's farcical.: You do see that, don't you?: `	1
== Assignment 4 ==Thanks for your minor addition to the Bird Macintyre page.  Now make a significant contribution to another Wikipedia page (a new section or at least a new paragraph.)  Please see the instructions on http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:Kaisersanders/ELP127 for more information or contact me.:  	0
== si.edu images ==You're captioning these as PD, but I think they're claiming copyright and placing restrictions: http://www.sil.si.edu/permissions/Among other things, the images can't be put on a CD.  The copyright of the portrait painter or photographer has probably expired in most of these cases, but I think their digital image of that original painting or photograph would be copyright... if someone photographs the Mona Lisa, they can copyright their photograph even though Leonard da Vinci's work is out of copyright.   	0
While you are correct that 'toughened glass' could be considered a misnomer (toughness has a specific meaning with regard to the strength of materials), tempering glass is not.  In fact there are two ways to temper glass to increase its strength: thermal and chemical.  Regarding thermal tempering, you are incorrect that the surface of a glass is in tension even at room temperature.  On initial cooling you are correct that the surface is in tension and the interior is in compression. However, below the glass transition temperature the stresses reverse and the surface is in compression and the interior is in tension increasing the strength of the glass.  Prince Rupert's drops are a laboratory curiousity demonstrating this phenomena.  If a drop of molten glass is cast into a container of water, it solidifies into a shape roughly resembling a tadpole.  You can bang on the big end with a hammer and the glass drop will not break.  However if you nip the tail, the drop disintegrates into dust usually with a pop.  Thermal tempering is usually applied to windshields.  Chemical tempering is usually accomplished by ion exchanging a smaller atom for a larger atom at the surface again putting the surface in compression. Although glazing and surface crystallization can also be used.  For example, soda-lime-silica glass can be placed into molten potassium nitrate and exchange potassium for sodium in the surface increasing the strength of the glass.  Thermal tempering can increase the strength of glass from 70 to 200 MPa while chemical tempering can increase it 500 to 700 MPa.  Chemical tempering is commonly used to increase the strength of beverage containers. 	1
:No problem.  	0
:Dear 195.198.190.70, I agree, and have edited the offending section.  	0
 Aug 2004 (UTC):: Regards,  06:05, 4	0
* Yes, that was rather hasty of me -) I like the idea of having some standard clip art to use; it'd give a nice level of consistency to crypto articles. The reference site you gave me has good ones; I especially like the meat grinder for hash functions. John Savard's site looks like a wonderful resource - we should get him into Wikipedia! The M-209 looks like it could be a great challenge, but it'd likely require a lot more reference material than is readily available on Google. Ideally, I'd have a replica sitting next to me to model from; I'll peek around the web and see if I can turn up anything useful, though. If you know of any books I might find at the local library that would aid me, let me know. For now, I'll see if I can put together some basic clip art, and see whether I can wrap my head around AES before trying to illustrate it.   	0
Each one of these inventions or propagandistic insinuations constitutes a violation of Wikipedia policy; (see Wikipedia:What_Wikipedia_is_not).  It's not just the propaganda  even the parts that attempt to be non-propagandistic are sloppy and amateurish, as if the writer(s) had done no research whatsoever. This ought to be re-written from scratch.  Peter_Abelard@ausi.comI see that Krusty the Clown is still vandalizing the article. Should I protect the page?  I don't think the situation here currently warrants protection. Krusty's edits can be dealt with as they occur.  :Okay. When necessary, I can be called on to protect the page whenever I'm online, as I haven't been an editor of the article.  Regardless of the outcome of arbitration proceedings, how about dealing with some of the disputed points in Krusty's latest list (the NPOV ones, anyway)?  	1
I got another browser and another spyware remover so now I have two of each, as you and others suggested.  This apparently allows me to circumvent anybody trying to crack into my computer by inserting something.  I merely complained about the initial problem and Mats, along with others had merely banned me for showing up there.    The IP address was diverted before by some other one I forgot to write down but if it happens again, I'll be sure to put down the IP.  I was not referring to any admin/sysop privileges, but downright wrong cracking attempts to sabotage the computer-website connection.  There is one other person that may have had the capability, (Matthew Trump in NYC) who is related to Donald Trump.  He may have the connections and money to do something like that and the motive as he is Swedish(although I don't understand the conspiracy just-because I said I was Swedish-I'm of Viking English descentare they/he embarrassed and feeling ridiculed by my behaviours?), as he was the one who originally went around getting people to commune at a page specifically designated for postulating whether to ban me or not .  I'm not too knowledgeable about how one goes about doing it, but I've been told by others proficient with such things and unfortunately, there are such sick people out there.   	1
I thought my response was rather cordial. Please point out EXCACTLY what you took offence to? Regarding Pharisees, there is no other living Jewish tradition closer to the pharisees than the Yemenites hence my comment. They are the most unchanged. Regarding Yirmeyhu Bn-Dvid anyway you know who I mean. Regarding evidence, you are the one making the claim that they are outside of Orthodox Judaism so you should be the one to post the evidence. All it requires to know that they are part of orthodoxy is to CYLOR and I have directed you how. 	0
`:I'm backing this up with an argument, so I don't expect that you will revert these changes, based on your statement above.:I take issue with your position that the standard contemporary manner in which Latin is rendered is ``inaccurate.`` In addition, I don't believe that this is ``support[ing] the fiction that letters such as U existed, or that lower-case letters were used in Latin.``:Any Latin textbook, as well as my copies of Latin histories and poetry in Latin are all rendered with the v/u distinction (but not with j's, and not with macrons over the vowels outside of textbooks) and with lowercase letters, capitalization for the beginning of sentences and proper nouns, and with basic punctuation. It would be counterproductive and nonstandard (and not just for English text with the periodic Latin phrase thrown in now and then) for us to decide that any use of lattin must be in the 24 letter alphabet and in all caps. :And, by the way, I don't think it's very good form to set terms that must be met by others or else you plan to revert the article, since this isn't your article, Chameleon. :Thanks, | `	1
`And what is this ``Crew Member`` nonsense you're throwing out on page after page?   `	1
==EasyTimeline fixed==Congratulations! It looks great now. It's a pity our beloved 'ee' it's still unsupported ( Maybe the spanish characters test table in es:Wikipedia:Lneas_de_tiempo#Fuentes de letra could be helpful... Anyway,  we can go back to work again! Cheers!es:User:Comae	0
`== Pune and Poona ==It seems odd that this page [was] located at ``Poona,`` mainly because hardly anyone uses this spelling though the name itself shares currency (perhaps more so than Pune) in spoken language. Simply put, Google, for instance, has over 500,000 hits for ``Pune`` and only 60,000 for ``Poona.`` I am moving the page.  `	0
* Roberto: Yes, please, just go ahead. The article might be just a copy of the web site, but even worse, it is awfully short - just one paragraph. So, if you feel like it, write more about him. Oh, and maybe check by searching for other articles mentioning him - there might be articles about specific books of him, so it makes sense to wikify the book titles. I'll contribute as well if I find the time.  	0
`- Editing of IntroductionReference to ridged band and speculative ``sensitivity`` deleted to maintain neutrality. It is not acceptable to focus only on male circumcision as this indicates that circumcision is only mentioned so as to criticise the male practice. For the rest editing serves to balance the introduction between male and female circumcision. The subheadings are in need of review and extensive editing and rewriting.`	1
She was the editor of a literary page in the school's paper[...]Can anyone find out what the school paper was called?:In later years her health has been uncertain; she was forced to move to Florida in November 1966 and now lives in Tennessee.Does this mean we don't know about her health or that it was variable? Who or what forced her to move to Florida and how was she then able to move to Tennessee?:Often called the Grande Dame of Science Fiction and Fantasy[...]By whom?:She has had a profound influence on the entire genreDo any other authors cite her as inspiration? Are there sales figures or awards to back this up?I think answers to any or all of these question would help fill out the article. I found this article through Special:Randompage. If anyone feels like answering some of these questions I'd invite you to answer this one while you're at it: which of her books should I read first?   	0
```Although they may be based on...``  What is they?   `	0
*Keep. This was a very commonly used term in Soviet era and I could this eventually being a good article.  	0
`==Title (Again)==I suggest that we move the article from ``Charles, Prince of Wales`` to ``Prince Charles, Prince of Wales`` (and the same for all other Princes of Wales since 1714). The Principality of Wales is a peerage dignity: we use a similar form for other royal peers (for example, Prince Andrew, Duke of York). Just as HRH The Prince of Wales may be referred to as ``HRH The Prince Charles, Duke of Rothesay,`` he may be referred to as ``HRH The Prince Charles, Prince of Wales.`` It is for this reason that I suggest adding ``Prince`` before the forename.   `	0
Likewise. However, I don't think a redirect is needed. The name is currently so long, who is likely to type all that in to get redirected? Maybe let it include hideouts and hideaways? This could include not just comic book type hideouts, but also fictional hideaways from classic literature and such.  *	0
== Thanks for the comment... ==...on the Talk:Porter J. Goss page. I am still relatively new to Wikipedia and though I have created a few of my own extensive articles, I don't have a lot of experience yet in editting prominent (e.g. listed on the main page) articles. The reassurance is very much appreciated!  	0
How about adding something about Ma Yueliang and Wu Yinghua who remained in Shanghai?  ) 	0
Just got your message.  Thanks again, and believe me I appreciate your initial idea.  If I don't get the adminship, I'd still like to work to end the problem as I said. -  	0
...as well as one of the three mainstays of Greek classical culture, the Olympic Games and pederasty (in certain areas) being the other two.Are you seriously suggesting that Classical Greek culture boiled down to sport, paedophilia and a dodgy ritual?  	1
`:::Me, I just think the previous one was nicer. But I guess too, having this wee disembodied head popping up in discussions is a tad offputting.  `	1
:::There are a variety of data sources for population. The UN provides data for member states from 1950 onwards in 5 year intervals. It is available at::::*http://esa.un.org/unpp/index.asp?panel=1:::For simplicity, it might make sense to use the population value that precedes the year of the games i.e. the 1950 value for the 1952 games. Has anyone got any other good sources?::: 	0
`I'm pretty sure they're called ``berserkers`` in the game. If I'm wrong, I apologize. It occurred to me the second after I hit ``save`` that it was possible I wasn't correct.  `	0
:Could you give examples (i.e. links)? I'm not sure I see what you mean.: 03:30, 2004 Aug 18 (UTC)	0
:A photoshopped (bunny ears) picture advertising a commercial book belongs in an encyclopedia?  I think not.  	0
`In my earlier post directly above, I stated that rightly or wrongly Fascism derived its purpose from Actual Idealism.  I was not clear in what I meant by ``purpose``, so perhaps sometime in the next few days I will be more clear in what I meant.  Also, I apologize for making up the word 'autologocentric'.  It seemed the best word for what I was trying to describe in contrast to the ego centered nature of my incoherent ramblings.Capone Aug 18, 1982`	0
:Ah...! I can definively see you 20 years from now, toothless, and still waving a 1979 satsang... ROLF and with tears in my eyes. )  	1
`:Look Andy, the Nazi's themselves looked to Napoleon::Nazi writers in Germany saw in Napoleon a harbinger of national socialism. The Nazi writer Franz Kemper wrote in the introduction of the republication of Konstantin Frantz's book, Masse oder Volk of 1852, that ``The rise of power of Louis Napoleon is the only historical parallel to the National Socialist revolution of our day``. Another Nazi writer, Michael Freund, wrote that Napoleon was the only real revolutionist in 1848. Still another German National Socialist, K. H. Bremer, realized that Napoleon found the real motivating force of revolution in the social question rather than the constitutional question of the republicans of 1848. ``His great aim was to establish a political system based upon the unity of all classes and of all interests in France``. (10). This was the answer to marxist socialism. Napoleon was the first to develop a national socialism. From  :They considered Napoleon a revolutionist. `	0
`:And there's nothing wrong with two ``Thank you``. So: Thank you. ) | `	0
`Something I wanted to clarify about my last edit:I simply had a problem with the original post since it wasn't accurate. Gas chambers were specifically built for exterminating the groups mentioned in my edit. Jehova's witnesses and homosexuals were put into concentration camps, and surely mistreated beyond any measure conceivable to us. The fact remains though, that they presented a normal, and small portion, of those prisoner populations, and were not treated different than the rest of the prisoners. Jews, Sinti and Roma were people the Nazis specifically targetted for extermination as a people. Later on there wasn't even imprisonment for these people, they were simply transported to the death camps.A Jehova's witness could have saved its life by denouncing its community's faith and agreeing to be drafted to the Wehrmacht, a choice Jews didn't have. But this isn't my point and I'm not suggesting they should have done that.But the fact I want simply to put out by my edit, is:I've read about the Holocaust and the Euthanasia operation, I've read about the concentration and death camps, and the SS, Gestapo and SD ``security`` apparatus, but I didn't read about Homosexuals or Jehova's witnesses being specifically targetted for extermination by gas as distinct groups, maybe still as a part of the prisoner population, but not specifically. As a reference I want to suggest Eugen Kogons ``The SS state`` or the books of Raul Hilberg.`	1
:I agree, when I read that I definitely thought that it had to be taken out because it wasn't NPOV.	0
`==BJAODN==Your comment was NOT funny.  I quit the project once over this, and I don't intend to do it again.  You may very well be breaking the law with that posting.  You have your ``childlove`` article.  Please leave it at that. -  `	1
`Does 905 really consititute the ``more affluent regions of Toronto``? I think it was in fact the aspirational middle class of 905 that held the political sway that kept Mr. Harris in power. His neo-conservatism spoke to those voters and they responded at the polls, while many quite wealthy downtown regions showed inconsistent Tory support. Keep in mind that the neo-conservative bent of the Harris campaigns and some of the curious economic arguments did not always resonate with the old money traditional Conservative minds at the time.`	1
:Two weeks now and no one has come forward with an example to I've removed the claim.  	0
`:::: Your words: book is about Stalin's drive to instigate a war as a driving force of ``international revolution``. So, Stalin (according to Suvorov) did not belive in it, but was driven to instigate it? Please do provide any logical explanation for this inconsistency.  `	1
== Captions ==Hey, thanks for all the images you've been adding on Nintendo-related articles. I thought I'd point you to Wikipedia:Captions - such a prolific contributor of images should write good captions too. )  	0
`* has everyone that speaks Portuguese these ``personal pronouns`` are an hard task. thx Cataphract. - `	0
::::Agreed. However, I maintain that this should be doable with at most 7 links. The current setup can clearly be optimized - for example, both physics and mathematics are sciences.	0
`:::Translation:::I, personally, would dispute that sexuality is even a continuum. I would agree that heterosexuality, DEFINDED AS PROCREATION, has been the norm, DEFINED AS COMMON AND/OR TYPICAL, throughout history, even normative, DEFINED AS PRESCRIPTIVE. Since you also include marriage, I would need to be convinced and thus currently disagree on that point also. You of course will remember the second part from our previous disagreements and discussions.::However, we need to find sources before we make such assertions in articles, and I will oppose their addition until cited. However, as it is ``common knowledge`` (Wikipedia:NPOV_tutorial#Neutral_language), I would support the addition of, ``heterosexuality, DEFINDED AS PROCREATION, has been the norm, DEFINED AS COMMON AND/OR TYPICAL, throughout history.``:: `	0
== Human Events ==Wolfman, Please cite your evidence that Human Events is not a newpaper. (Their website says otherwise.) Or, if you prefer, just undo your mistaken edit.   	1
All possibly valuable insight, Danny, but that would be better used at the entry for Dialectical materialism, not Historical materialism.  	0
This IP is used by schools all over AustraliaOn behalf of the school children of Australia, please excuse our behaviour!Sorry for the misunderstandingDisgruntled Student	0
`== ``The rock thrown towards a tree``? What is the source for this?? ==I've never heard of this paradox before.  What is the source for it?   I'm very familar with Aristotle's Physics and I don't find it there.  Nor do I find it in Simplicius's commentary. I'd like to replace it with the ``Dichotomy`` paradox given by Aristotle.  Any objections?`	0
`Robert,Personal attacks are not acceptable on Wikipedia, e.g. ``You must be braindead``. See Wikiquette for more details.Thanks.  `	1
Do not add personal rants onto Wikipedia. Wikipedia is not a soapbox. If you wish to contribute seriously please see here. Thank you.    01:27, 2004 Sep 3 (UTC)	1
  As to an RFC, that would be fine with me (that's nothing formal like mediation is it?) 	0
- (GNAA Member Rucas): The name may be offensive to some, but there are plenty of equally offensive things on Wikipedia.  Please proceed to muddle with their articles and leave ours alone.  Thank you.	1
You know, fictional science fiction is pretty redundant. There's a reason I took it out before.	0
`I'm a bit confused about this.  As I understand it, the Bohr compactification can be defined using either only Hausdorff compact groups (what some people simply refer to simply as compact groups) or quasi-compact groups (what some other people refer to simply as compact groups, unfortunately).  In the latter case, the homomorphism iota will be injective, thus iota(G) is a dense subgroup of H which is algebraically isomorphic to G, but carries a coarser topology in general.  I am not aware of a simple characterisation of those groups for which G is isomorphic to iota(G) as a topological group, but I'm sure there's a list of sufficient conditions around.I suppose that the usual construction of the Bohr compactification is something along the lines of ``the closure of the diagonal in the direct product of all compact groups in which G maps via a continuous homomorphism with dense image``?  That might be easy enough to include in the article, but so far I've not actually stumbled across an actual construction, except in the abelian case. `	0
`== Quote ==One quote, and it's that athiest quote?  I don't doubt he said that, but it hardly seems representative.  He isn't all that well known for his position on athiesm.  How about ``Read my lips, no new taxes``?  How about something relating to the invasion of Iraq?`	1
Well this is my first attempt at adding information to the Restoule Wikipedia entery. David	0
`Thanks for the heads-up on 'English' Looks like you've been busy recently. I also did the same thing with Russian->Russian     `	0
`== stolen with permission ==The rapidly rising current creates a rapidly rising magnetic field along the axis of the coil, which in turn induces an electric field going in circles inside the coil. The induced electric field causes an electron current in the can which experiences a vxB force in the magnetic field of the coil, causing the can to break into two pieces which are blown to the opposite sides of the lecture hall. The plasma ``theta pinch`` phenomenon occurs when the capacitor is discharged. This effect causes radiation pressure on the can which breaks it in two and blasts apart the two halves.`	0
Moriori: Thank you for informing me about this discussion but please note that I am user EdH, not user edh, and I have no interest in this sad controversy.  	1
`:::Rex, your vicious personal attack on me is one of the silliest things I've ever seen from you  which is saying a lot, considering that, of the comments on and edits to articles that I've been significantly involved in, you've contributed more silly things than everyone else put together.  And, of course, as is typical of your tendency to act as if you and only you have any understanding of Wikipedia etiquette and principles, you do so in the name of ``collegial spirit``.  Is this comment of mine a personal attack on you, in violation of the rules?  I don't think so, so I'll spare you the trouble of typing a threat to start RfC/RfM/RfAr/whatever.  I stand by my statement regardless of which of those you threaten or actually commence.  `	1
, 4 Sep 2004 (UTC) 06:46	0
==Edit attribution==Hi.  The edits from your IP have now been reattributed to your username.  Regards   |  11:43, 2004 Sep 4 (UTC)	0
:Even if only 20% of people know what it means, .  | 	0
`==Voting policy VfD, plus should this recreated article be speedied or VfD'd?==Geogre, I think you mentioned somewhere on VfD, to Anthony if I remember right, that it was against policy to simply go down the list and add Keep or Delete (well, generally just Keep) to the discussions  that you're supposed to give reasons. Do you know where I can find this policy? I'd like to point another user to it, Dittaeva, who goes on major monosyllabic keep sprees from time to time.Also, sorry to bother you with this, but is there any reasonable way of accessing a VfD debate that is as old as Jan 2004? Anthony talked in the current Hubert Dreyfus debate about this being ``worse than when Sidney Morgenbesser was listed here and deleted.`` For a deleted article, Sidney Morgenbesser was surprisingly bluelinked, I thought, so I went look. Oh, my, what a terrible article. Consists of unpleasant anecdotes and fake references. The subject is a professor  with writer's block. Anyway, the point is, it was put up for deletion 23 Jan 2004, subsequently deleted, and then recreated in  August 2004 (as a stub, by Gzornenplatz.) Anthony added material to it on 15 August. So I wanted to put it up for speedy, but the relevant criterion says ``reposted content that was deleted according to Wikipedia deletion policy`` can be speedied, and how can I tell what the content was? The recreated article probably doesn't in fact technically speaking have the same content, since everybody called the old one ``vanity`` (there's a maybe incomplete record of the Januaray voting on User_talk:Anthony_DiPierro#Stop_the_vanity_insanity|this]] subpage of Anthony's), and the new one is much weirder than that. Oh, look, a learned cunt joke by Christopher Hitchens, how delightful.Anyway. I wanted to see the Jan voting for myself  Anthony doesn't claim that the copy of it  on  his page is complete  so I tried to burrow back through the huge VfD archive that was created in  May, but it broke when I was about halfway. So that was a wasted half-hour. -( There's got to be an easier way. Or maybe not?Anyway, good morning George. I shouldn't be doing this, I (despairingly) have other things to do. Urgent things. OK, today I'll  list Anthony's baby Sidney Morgenbesser for either speedy or VfD (yes, I will, if it's at all possible, i. e. if you have any answers for my questions above), and cleanup Reverse sexism and read that urgent dissertation chapter. Yep, those are the things I'll do. I just hope I don't get any more long screeds about vandalism and IP's and schools and stuff from sv.wiki, I can't afford to be everlastingly typing to those guys.  `	0
Wait, shouldn't karaage be karge and kageboushi be kagebshi? Or am I on crack? (See Romaji.) -  	1
::Have to disagree with Mcarling here.  Hagelin was supported by large factions within the Reform Party, most prominently that Mangia fellow and Lenora Fulani, because of their (in my opinion, unwarranted, but that is irrelevant) desperation to avoid Pat Buchanan's nomination.  When I voted in Illinois, John Hagelin was listed on the ballot as Reform, whereas Buchanan was listed as Independent, because the state party refused to go along with (the larger of the two factions of) the national party and supported Hagelin.  The Hagelin faction made Mangia party chair, which can hardly be seen as an outside takeover, because he was already an officer of the party. -  	0
`:I agree that we should be consistent.  There is probably a subtle difference between the ``x effect`` and ``x-electricity``, so we need to record both forms somehow.  I would say that the ``x effect`` is an abstract concept meaning ``the process by which e.g. squeezing a crystal creates electricity``, while ``x-electricity`` is a concrete thing, the electricity that you get as the result of the effect.  I think this means that the title of the article should be the ``x effect``, as you said above, but let's acknowledge the existence of the ``x-electricity`` form somewhere in each article.   `	0
Hello. Check out Wikipedia:Welcome, newcomers for tips and info on writing and editing here.   	0
Um ... Suppose A has a short simple proof using the Riemann hypothesis, and a short simple proof not using the Riemann hypothesis.  If the Riemann hypothesis is hard to be (as appears to be the case), then wouldn't the short simple proof of A not using the Riemann hypothesis make the proof of A accessible to those who haven't worked through the proof of the Riemann hypothesis?   And might it not be important for that reason?  	0
: Please stop creating new articles, they're just being removed and listed on copyright problems.  	1
Ardent nationalism basically sums up every nation I can think of on the face of the planet at present.  It makes sense that a nation would extol the virtues of itself, right?  The PRC does not have a cult of personality, does not glorify male youth as fighters, does not glorify female youth as future incubators.  Mysticism is missing from official Chinese pronouncements too.  Also missing is the stated goal of said society.  Left Totalitarian regimes like China see a future where a hierarchy of work-production, and distribution can be overcome once production is more automated with robotics and technology and economic scarcity can be overcome.  Allowing private property is a means towards an end in the case of China (market socialism).  Right Totalitarian regimes see hierarchy as the natural and permanent order of things, and the existence of private property is not a mean to an end, but the end to be preserved within itself.  A broad definition of fascism which would more correctly have to be termed corporatism if we say that mysticism, gender roles, and ideological heritage/stated aims aren't necessary conditions, then that would also allow us to place countries like the U.S since the 1930's, social-democratic Germany, and Keynesian Japan in that category.The main difference between fascism and capitalist-democratic or more benign corporatist states is the right for trade unions and combinations to engage in collective bargaining and even work stopages (strikes) against the immediate consent of the state or business.  Unions have this right in China today, to a limited extent, as in the U.S to a limited extent.  On an economic basis, Germany may be considered more corporatist or economically interventionist than the U.S, but politically the citizens have more rights to protest and engage in collective bargaining or form new unions.Unless I can be swayed from this line of thought, and I am open to it, I will mercilessly edit out grouping the PRC as fascist.   	0
==Peer review== -  	0
`-I was just a bit bothered by the obvious bias of the article. I didn't look this up to get the writer's judgment of theodicy, but rather to understand the concept of theodicy. Telling me that it is all about ``making up`` reasons that God could be omnipotent is remarkably presumptive and a tad righteous. Regardless, I don't think it's relevant. Tell me what theodicy is. Tell me the arguments and ideas surrounding it. Don't give me your opinions or declare the concept somehow invalid. It's a waste of everyone's time.`	1
== ==Jerry Remigius Kanagarajah== ====Jerry Remigius Kanagarajah==Is this fair that you do not look at the facts.Please see links and re-evaluate  thank you.Here are the two links. 5:36, Sep 12, 2004	0
I'd best correct myself. I've noticed, upon further inspection, a distinct change in writing style in the offending paragraph. It does not invalidate the article that an angry person decided to throw in his two cents. I don't care for the paragraph, for it contributes nothing, but I don't feel comfortable editing the article myself.	1
Stop trolling, please.  ]] 	1
== Text ==Isn't it time to add the lyrics/text/liberetto's to Wiki?	0
`::BTW, ``partisan operatives?`` That is a direct Rather quote...are you taking your cues on bias from him? -  13:56, 2004 Sep 15 (UTC)`	1
Terrance lindall prefers that you do not inlcude him in the article under any circumstances or in the discussions.  The article which is continually changed by Mr. Boyer and freely allowed by Wikipedia is not a credible scholarly source of material on the history of surrealism in our time.	0
Sorry, it's just so tempting.	0
== VfD ==No, I voted just after seeing your note.  ]] 	1
I spoke to soon - disabling the ad blocker enabled me to see my image on , but I still can't see other images, eg Butterfly, caterpillar, Muscovy Duck any ideas???? Jim	0
, spanish text.  Thanks.  	0
==Images==Hi Matthew, please could you let me know what licence you uploaded the following images under so they can be tagged. Image:Wpdms_ev26188_tristateregion_bluegreen.jpg, Image:Wpdms_idaho_territory_1863.png, Image:Wpdms_idaho_territory_1864.png, Image:Wpdms_idaho_territory_1864_legend.png, Image:Wpdms_napoleon_hill_2.jpg, Image:Wpdms_nasa_topo_bay_of_fundy.jpg, Image:Wpdms_nasa_topo_little_white_river.jpg, Image:Wpdms_new_mexico_territory_1850_idx.png, Image:Wpdms_new_mexico_territory_1853_idx.png, Image:Wpdms_new_mexico_territory_1861_legend_idx.png, Image:Wpdms_oregon_territory_1848.jpg, Image:Wpdms_oregon_territory_1859_detail.jpg, Image:Wpdms_prigogine.jpg, Image:Wpdms_shdrlfi020l_death_valley.jpg, Image:Wpdms_terra_northriver.jpg, Image:Wpdms_terra_thenarrows.jpg, Image:Wpdms_washington_idaho_territories_1863.png, Image:Wpdms_washington_territory_1863.png, Image:Wpdms_washington_territory_1863_legend.pngThanks.  	0
Besides, there are already many pages that are linking to African Languages instead (which is a redirect to African language at present). But now the existence of that page poses a problem if we are going to move this one. And by just plain copy-pasting the text, the history of this page will be gone. Anyone suggestions on how to solve this?	0
WP:PR, sorry. I'm not despairing, it's ok, I just don't want to grow too attached to this article. I think the discussion has been very civil, but it's growing stale. I would like to hear some more opinions. As it is, this talk page looks disheartening. We should archive some stuff, and arrange the rest in a way that makes it easy to spot the disputed points. Maybe we should go back to minor edits to the article (not replacing entire paragraphs, but slight improvements, with the understanding they will be reverted if considered offensive). Thanks for your patience.  	0
`==Thank you==Thank you for your constructive contribution to my update on the Jodeci article, re: K-Ci & JoJo.  However, this commet was most uncalled for:``(copyedit Mr. Treason additions)```	1
`:: Dante, I agree that it is the use of the word that constructs a POV.  Of course, in a technically accurate sense either word would work, but we would then be blind to the inherent emotional connotations in each example.  To gay activists, ``disruptive`` is connotating disapproval with the decision, as we normally use ``disruptive`` in a negative sense.  Important, to people with more traditional values who view marriage as necessarily between a man and a woman, improperly connotates a sense of approval and puts the decision in a positive light.  It is not only the content but the form of the message that is able to contain POV.  `	1
`==It's been fun==Geogre, I'd hoped to get a chance to say good-bye to you ``in person' before heading out to the swing states, but since that , I'll do it in public here. My ``email this user`` link will still work, although what chance I'll have to access email when in the field, I don't know. But if you can, please keep me apprised of major events in your own life.  `	0
someone using ip 202.73.112.213 just messed up on your last revision on Megawati Sukarnoputri.could you please check that page? thanks  	0
Enhanced the image to remove glare and bring out detail. 	0
 Could you link to the letters in that article?  	0
==Cleanup the talk page==Anyone else notice the WARNING: This page is 145 kilobytes long. Please consider condensing the page and moving the detail to another article so it is not approaching or in excess of 32KB notice? I think that this talk page needs to be archived, and without all that nonsense ranting (stuff which has nothing to do with the article or anything else on wikipedia). Surely there is a more general forum on the internet where that stuff is appropriate; it is not here. If someone else would do the cleanup work that would be great, otherwise I'll do it myself in the near future (reply with any objections below). I propose that this talk page be entirely cleared, and the parts of it that are on-topic can be saved on Talk:Surrealism/Archive. If people still want to respond to any of the previous threads they can simply copy them from the Archive page back to here. OK?  	0
:get the damn chronology correct.  I don't think your tone is appropriate, and I do not appreciate it.  	1
`Ok, I retract my claim about British men's feet above!English Customary Weights and Measures by Russ Rowlett describes a plausible origin whereby the natural foot (of around 9-10 inches) was initially used and 'evolved' to around 12 inches due to the length of 12 inches being a convenient multiple and subdivision of other lengths used at the time.Apparantly, before the foot was standardised people used three different lengths:* a foot of 13 inches made from two shaftments of 6.5 inches each,* a foot equal to 12 inches,* a ``natural foot``, Latin: pes naturalis, of about 9.8 inches has these tidbits about the measure:* the traditional Danish foot, equal to about 12.365 inches or 31.41 centimeters.* early civilizations of the Middle East had a longer foot, roughly 30 centimeters * a Greek foot is at about 30.8 centimeters (12.1 inches)* a Roman foot at 29.6 centimeters (11.7 inches)* Swedish fot aka the Stockholm foot, equal to 11.689 inches or 29.69 centimeters* German fuss came in several versions:** Viennese fuss was 12.444 inches (31.608 cm),** Rheinfuss (Rhine foot) was 12.357 inches (31.387 cm)** Bavarian fu was 29 cm (11.41 inches)* French pied had several lengths, the best known being the royal foot (pied de roi) of 32.48 cm* Italian pie varied, 29.8 cm was one common length, but Venice used 34.8 cm and Bologna 38 cm* Spanish pie was the traditional foot of Spain and:** in Spain was about 27.86 cm (10.97 in)** in Argentine was 28.89 cm (11.37 in)** in Texas was 11 1/9 inches or 28.22 cmFinally, in 1869 Benjamin Gould measured the feet of the Chinese Terracotta Army, and found the average foot length was 25.6 cm without shoes (10.07 inches) and 27.7 cm with shoes (10.9 inches)- |  22:42, 2004 Sep 27 (UTC)`	0
Actually, no, and I'd thank you for not impugning my motives.  ]] *	1
`dab is doing an admirable job of arguing for the ``enemy``. ``For people who think humans are a biological species that somehow developed spirituality, the former applies. For people who think that humans are spiritual beings that somehow ended up inside a body, the latter applies.`` This captures the essence of the POV problem well.  Or as I sometimes ask my children, ``Are we monkeys or are we children of God?``  It is a fundamental divergence of definition.  Yes, your taxobox is beautiful and fine, and I hope it stays.   -  `	0
`-Hi Chris, I'm Alex from Monterrey, Mexico.  UANL stands for ``Universidad Autnoma de Nuevo Len``.  I dont know what is the official name really of the team.  In their official page, www.tigres.com.mx, it seems that their official name is ``Club Tigres``, but they represent the UANL, so i dont know how to call them. .[[User:r_alcaraz_v|r_alcaraz_v]`	0
Would just like to comment that the Laju incident which as credited as an occasion where Singapore's Commando SOF completed their successfull mission, is not exactly so.The incident which occured between Jan and Feb 1974 triggered off the realisation that Singapore needed to put in place a counter terrorist force for emergencies like the Laju incident. As such the force couldn't have exist during the incident.It was the members of the police force who served as voluntary hostages and  police negotiators, (not the military's Special Operations Force), which helped defuse the crisis.	0
I just removed all the groups that I know to be Christian.  I apologize for leaving Urantia if that is also Christian.  I belive Bahai is a separate world religion and not Christian.  If I have been wrong, some Bahai adherent please correct us and remove Bahai from this article.  Please do not add Christian groups to this list.  -  	0
I removedThe modified adjacency matrix is generated by replacing all entries greater than 1 in the adjacency matrix by 1.from the article. The edges in graphs are defined as a set, so it is not possible that an edge (vi,vj) is contained more than once. I think the adjacency matrix should be a (0,1)-matrix and perhaps in a subsection someone could extend this definition to count the number of edges two vertices share. 	0
The only connection I can think of is that the Galapagos Islands are a prime example of evolution, and Charles Darwin visited and observed them... which is not really much of a connection at all. I support removing the image, or finding a more suitable one.	0
`, 1 Oct 2004 (UTC)Still digging. For liquid:liquid solutions such as alcohol:``Volume-volume percentage or % (v/v) describes the ml solute per 100 mL solution. This is most useful when liquids are being mixed.For example, beer is about 5% ethanol by volume. This means every 100 mL beer contains 5 mL ethanol (ethyl alcohol).`` (chem lecture notes) Need to re-write and include as volume-volume concentration. Still more to do ) - 02:19`	0
`== Uses ==I think that a lot of the wording under ``Uses`` is bias and not true for many people. These two lines struck me particularly: It is also usually easier to change a pad than a tampon in public bathrooms., and In general, pads are a perfect fit for most women's menstrual needs., which I both totally disagree with, and would have to say that I'm hardly the only person to feel that way. Those aren't facts, those are some people's opinions.`	0
. If changes are made that do not qualify as vandalism, and they are neutral facts, then hands off. Let others modify it, which is why the Wikipedia was made in the first place. Even a completely biased Revisionist page by a revisionist would serve as a better starting point than what is here, because it would allow an accurate summary of what they are all about, which could then be modified by others until it was NPOV	0
::big chin too. maybe she got that from her father 	0
Non-sequiter.   	0
-Does anyone know what NI party Pres. McAleese associated with in NI or has she always been an FF member?	0
`==regarded==Why was the word ``regarded`` bolded?   `	0
Wikipedia is an encyclopedia, not a dictionary, but that's besides the point.I agree: the element phosphorus is bound to be looked up more often than Phosphorus meaning Venus and so that article should take priority (in terms of where the user is taken when they search). However, Wikipedia is not designed to be used purely by Wikipedia editors or those clued up with its conventions (nor those willing to take the time to discover them), but by anybody who wants quick and helpful access to a topic. Is such a person likely to expect to find a footnote at the bottom of the element article - I certainly don't think so. I would have thought such a person would give up at that point and look elsewhere. I don't think such a person would expect the topic they're searching for to be a footnote to something entirely different. However, if the 'dab' (is that an official term?) is at the top of this article, this certainly isn't a problem.I think it's poor practice - even if it is a general practice - to place disambiguation notices (I don't see why their 'significance' is a factor; either they're so insignificant they don't merit an article, or they do and hence shouldn't be hidden away) at the bottom of articles, since this makes the task of the user so much harder, whereas surely an encyclopedia should strive to make access to information as easy as possible.How relevant the links to the page are I'm unsure: I would have thought many people access information by entering search terms, rather than coming from a different page, and so will not have the clarification of the article's name you seem to imply. 	0
`Yes, you are right. I will change ``black`` to ``African American``, and link ``African American`` to the article ``African American``.`	0
:::Picture removed.  	0
===Dio thingy===You're right, it is Italian - but what does it mean?  	0
Is awk really feature complete enough to be considered a general purpose programming languagE? I've always considered it more of a text manipulation language.  	0
:Why? That's what we call it in English. The historical County of Flanders was also a French-speaking area, regardless of where it is now.  	0
`== The first line may be incorrect: Aliens may view this article ==Where it says on the first line ``Earth, the planet on which we live``, that may be incorrect if aliens from another planet grasp satelite signals from our planet. In that case, we may offend them and they could sue Wikipedia for irrelevant information. I therefore feel we should change it to ``Earth, the planet on which humans live``. It's important that our information be as relevant as possible, and that is why we should change the first line.`	0
`|condo]] to prevent unecessary redirects? - , 2004-04-10t01:00z-Not sure the recent edit changing Tyler from ``Anarchist`` to ``Nihilist`` is accurate. Tyler certainly does have a ethos and creed, where as a nihilist does not. His creed can certainly be said to be destruction of the current culture and certainly retrograde in many respects, seeking to return to a simpler subsistence level of existence (i.e. hunter/gatherer) but he definitely has an established ethos and world-view. It is simply contrary to much of modern society. I posit that the edit should be reverted back to anarchist.  ==Reader's Digest, Jack/Joe==Hey, a few years ago I was reading a really old Reader's Digest and I swear I actually read an article written first person from an organ's point of view.  (I don't remember which.)...and the guy's name was Joe.This was before I read the book, so I just thought it was a really odd coincidence at the time...I can't seem to find the article anymore, though.  Does anyone else have any info on this?  Was Joe changed to Jack to avoid legal troubles with the original ``Joe's XXXXXX`` author?: The author of the book was talking about real stories from Reader's Digest, so you probably did read the same ones he refered to. ``Joe`` is changed to ``Jack`` in the movie because Reader's Digest wasn't willing to allow them to mention it in the film.  ::I have a copy of John Pekkanen's article ``I am John's Brain Tumour``, from Reader's Digest (South Africa) 1990-12, volume 137, number 824. Chapter 7 of my copy of Palahniuk's Fight club has ``I am Jane's Uterus. I am Joe's Prostate. [...] I am totally Joe's Gallbladder``, ISBN 0-099-28333-6, Vintage (1997) UK Random House. The English RD sites I searched came up empty. The earliet ``Joe``s I found were two 1974 videos  from ``Pyramid Films``. I found that ``Pyramid Media`` credits it to RD . Does anyone have a source of an actual Reader's Digest article with ``Joe``? - , 2004-04-15t22:37z::: It is mentioned on the commentary for the DVD that Reader's Digest told them not to use ``Joe``. Apperantely they own the copyright somehow. Either way, the narrator in the book does use Joe rather than Jack. And given that the book is the original story, I believe that ``Joe`` should be used more often in the article than ``Jack`` (though ``the narrator`` fits the character's ``name`` more accurately). The article seems to lean too much towards being about the movie, which makes it seem as if it was the original source material instead of the book. It would be best that we keep the article based mainly on the book, with details on the movie where applicable. Otherwise, what we would be doing would be the equivelent of someone making the Lord of the Rings article more about the Peter Jackson movie than JRR Tolkien's work.  ==Tyler section==We should merge the Tyler Durden section into the characters section. There isn't a need for 2 separate sections on him. As it is it looks redundant and a bit sloppy. Any details that don't fit that section can go into a different one.  ==Backstory of the novel==I just recently updated the article on Chuck Palahniuk with info on how Fight Club came to be. This is in the first paragraph of the Biography section. I was wondering if anyone thought we should include that info in this article, since it gives the backstory of how it was written.   ]] ==Musical==This this for real? I've never heard such a thing, can anyone offer proof?   4:59, 05 Aug 2004 (UTC):See http://www.playbill.com/news/article/86917.html for more details. Also a recent Guardian interview.   ==Movie & Book Balance==As I mentioned above at the end of the Reader's Digest, Jack/Joe section, the article is ``biased`` towards the movie (that is, the info for the film is treated as being the primary source instead of the book), and needs to be balanced equally for the book. I have fixed a recent re-write of the plot section (which made it even more biased in favor of the film), but more work could be done to balance the article. I think that fixing this is the most important o	0
::::I'm familiar with the part about No personal attacks and if you'll have a look at  or my contributions you'll find that I'm moderately familiar with how Wikipedia works.  Dropping out now, I've led you to water, but I can't make you drink.  If you don't think the article should make things clear, there's apparently no way to convince you that it should.   	1
How can references in an encyclopedia to a generally accepted authority on a subject be irrelevant? While you may consider the book POV it is generally accepted among scholars as being authoritative. Can you see that is what allows it and material covered in it to be included in a reference work. The relevations of Khrushchev and Solzhenitsyn are also generally considered to be significant. You seem to feel that simply casting unverified aspersions on a source is sufficient to support exclusion of the material from Wikipedia. Don't you see that simply saying bad things doesn't change the underlying general acceptance by scholars of the material? As to Conquest's representations being exposed, it is generally accepted that in the main they were affirmed.Simply labeling something POV does not justify its removal from a referance work which has a NPOV policy which contemplates inclusion of multiple points of view, see Wikipedia:Neutral point of view. Can't you see that inclusion of your point of view is dependant on allowing other points of view to also be included?LIkewise describing the point of view of revisionist scholars of communism is simply a description of a tendency of scholars of a certain school of communist scholarship  and is backed up by a specific reference which dicusses the subject at length. Could you please look at the book In Denial and verify the reference?  	0
`if it ``increases blood flow`` but may cause headaches, is this simply a way of saying that it is a vasodialator?`	1
`===Minimum basis of principle for co-operation===OK, I am willing to work together with all of you, but only on the following basis:#that we all accept the existence and the legitimacy of our ``opponent's`` POV in the article. In practice, I think that this would mean that, if a particular POV is described in a paragraph, the ``opponent`` will not remove it, nor edit it so as to distort it, nor even weigh in with counterarguments (!). Counterarguments should receive their own paragraph, to describe them more thoroughly, they shouldn't be used to destroy a POV ;#no personal attacks#that we work in several stages, i.e. one side of the debate writes a full draft, and only after they are done can the other side edit the draft. In this way we could approach NPOV in several iterations.#that we focus on the bigger picture rather than bickering about details#that we leave the debate on the title for later. once we manage to write a full article, we will be so proud of ourselves that we will be able to solve that problemWho can agree to this? -  ==Strategy for cooperative writing==Hello, I trust everyone had a good weekend?Jay, Buff and Pir, I would really like to work with you on the, er, list of bullet points.Some open issues remain:===The title of the article we are writing===Is it Occupation of Palestine, Arab-Israeli conflict, or what?===The names of the sides===Which leads to what we should call the sides which advocate the POVs expressed by Buff & Jay's, ah, 'duelling bullets' above. Arab vs. Israel? Worldwide consensus vs. a few extremists? PLO vs. right-wing Jews?===How to work together===I think we can get started on the article, even if we can't yet agree on where the article should go, and what we should call the ``sides``. But if the name of one side becomes a stumbling block, I don't know what to do. Buff, you're not going to insist that the POV you outlined on Friday (and which led me to hope for a peaceful Sabbath -) is the Palestinian side, are you? Can we attribute that POV to a particular person or organization instead? (We can note in the article that he or it claims to represent a side...)Let's list some working titles:* opposing views on the disposition of the region called Palestine* views of homeland creation in the Middle East* why there is no peace in Palestine* background of the Arab-Israeli conflict* your entries hereAll I know is that HistoryBuffER is trying very hard to conform to Wikipedia's NPOV policy, and that pir is being very nice and harmonious, and that Jay knows 100 times more history than I do.   Sorry, I forgot to mention IZAK. He's helping, too, and knows some points of history. So, this brings our ``list of players`` up to:* Buff - ``pro-Palestinian`` but hates scare quotes!:: Disagree with POV characterization. Being pro-facts and pro-fairness means just that. If facts and fairness favor the Palestinian side that's just the fact of life and is not necessarily POV  fairness is not always blind.  19:40, 2004 Oct 11 (UTC)* Ed - tries to be neutral but is really pro-Israel* IZAK - hotly pro-Israel* Jay - pro-Israel* Pir - very nice, harmonious personAre we all on board now?`	0
 Thank you most kindly for including the (R) symbol to denote a registered trademark.	0
== renault ==you sad little bpy for driving a renault clio which has no vaa voom so there and the mcflurry is made of shit	1
== renault ==you sad little bo for driving a renault clio which has no vaa voom so there and the mcflurry is made of shit	1
`::Perhaps more neutral wording, leaving out ``superiority``, and just factually examples such as this where capitalism is more tolerant and non-coercive towards communism and letting the reader decide whether tolerance is positive or not? `	0
`::::::::A cheap excuse: ``quality`` is what pleases you.  `	1
One more thing- was there ever actually a vote to make Wikicode official WP policy? If not it isn't legitimate and should be on VFD right now  	0
:::How in Perun's sake he could have known that you are you? Copyright issue is a serious threat to wikipedia. Forseeing your response, a simple claim of authorship would do. We are not so bureaucratic here as it might seem.  	0
:If you can find accurate numbers and a source, please put them in.  	0
In the opinion poll conducted by MAC in 2000, 45% consider themselves as Taiwanese only. Now it is four years later. What do you think? I wonder if MAC either stopped or hided the opinion poll result so that it would not be too stimulative to PRC. 	0
::I am not sure I understand the answer but I will bring it back to Sweden for help whith translation before I ask you what it means. My english is bad and can only understand more simple words than abouve (sorry again for bad spelling! I only try what I think might be right)  	1
  fyi, the 3 revert rules is 3 in 1 day, not 3 total.  	0
:I'll remember that. Perhaps your school network admin could also take more steps to ensure that the school's users aren't using its service to vandalize websites.  	0
The comment that modern languages use zero-indexing is somewhat misleading, because it isn't because of technical merits, but because of the popularity of C. It's no problem for the compiler to convert the one-indexing preferred by humans (or indeed most any indexing) to the zero-indexing used in the machine code. However, since C used zero-indexing and became so popular, most programmers are used to it. That's probably the reason it's used in most later languages.	0
*: Looks can be deceiving.  The whole bussing thing wasn't restricted to this one school but all schools in the area, hence it doesn't gain notability from it.  	0
`: Yes, it's the same. Felis catus is the original species name used for the house cat by Linnaeus, and ``domesticus`` is a name that's commonly used for domesticated forms of a species, so they both denote the same thing.  `	1
`==Huge paragraph under ``Superman's abilities`` heading==That huge paragraph under ``Superman's abilities`` heading needs to be cleaned up.  [[]] `	0
If Thomas Cranmer, Nicholas Ridley (martyr) and Hugh Latimer were burnt to death together, how come the date of death are different ?  I'm very confused ....   18:37, 2004 Oct 5 (UTC)	1
`:Rhino, apparently, is  a by-product of Netscape's abandoned ``Javagator`` project that also produced Grendel; both are related to Mozilla in that they have been continued as open source projects under the auspices of mozilla.org, but it looks to me like Mozilla itself uses the C-based SpiderMonkey for its JS engine.:I certainly think Thunderbird is misplaced here; in fact, I think the ``sub-projects`` and ``spin-off browsers`` sections need reorganisation, and possibly merging - certainly they should be next to each other, rather than with other sections in between. Perhaps ``Mozilla technology`` could mention the structure of the suite itself, and then a ``Related projects`` section could deal with:#Development tools: bugzilla, tinderbox, bonsai, etc#Gecko-based browsers: whether they be gecko-GUI'd or just gecko-rendered#Projects based on Mozilla code: thunderbird, sunbird, XMLTerm, et al#Other projects hosted by mozilla.org: rhino, grendel, ElectricalFire, Mstone (although it's hard to tell where on the scale from 'active' to 'abandoned' these projects are):What think ye? -  `	0
:Wow.   	0
`:I'm not sure what you're propsing here; we seem to have 3 options::*Include the EU as a whole, just summed PPPs:*Include just Eurozone countries:*Do not include EU as a whole at all:The first option is inaccurate, apparently.  I agree that the current figure is wrong.  The second option you seem to support as a ``quick`` method - are you saying it's wrong?  And is it only worth including if done ``properly``?  I don't think we can leave out the EU entirely, Eurozone or otherwise - it's an important part of current politics and economics.  So I think we should add Eurozone, referred to as EU or as Eurozone, with a footnote explaining that the EU on the whole is in flux, but the figure is accurate-as-possible for the Euro countries.  Does this work with you?`	0
== John Child ==There is no article about John Child the volleyball player and the link is to another John Child.	0
Hello this is Priscilla.  Hmmmm  as the due date of wiki is nearing perhaps we should stop adding any additional stuff.  However, having said that, I realised that the 'love and marriage' section, is quite incomplete.  There're still alot of gaps that we have to fill.  Eg.  We do not have any information on his third wife, neither do we know anything about his sons. While reading it I just find it kinda 'deprived' of information.  is there any possibilities that we can fill those gaps ??  	0
:Good to know your profession. I like working in a multidisciplinary team. After beavering away at the change in categories I think I upset one of the people looking after the psychology category who went through redoing their categories. It would be nice if we could work together on this project to achieve a sort of mini psych textbook. I think that would also help those who currently take a rather oppositional approach to find that we don't have three heads and aren't out to harm them. I can already see some of this mollification occurring with some contributors. Still my bias is to add to the clinical psychiatric area since this is my field. Tonight I am working on Psychiatric history which I hope to have ready for upload later tonight. Is there an article on Overvalued idea? If not there should be. Just a suggestion. [Grin]  	0
== Thanks for the revert ==Thanks for catching and reverting the vandalism to my user page.  I've already reported that guy at WP:VIP; hopefully someone will take care of him soon.  	1
The page has been hijacked on my computer, most of the article has been replaced by a religious rant.	1
`:What I mean is, pages that start with Wikipedia: that would perhaps benefit from a link to Wikifun. For example, Wikipedia:Wikipediholic might merit a link in the See also section.    `	1
Was he named Elmer after someone ?  	0
== Stop immediately ==Please stop immediately.  If you continue to create such a mess with Jesus, and all those other redirects, I will have no choice but to block you. -|]] 	1
`While I want to distance myself from the last statement by VMORO, which I would classify as rude, I can't help pointing out to you, Crculver, that you seem to have misunderstood what grammars and books have to say (or they themselves are inexact). That dialect is certainly Macedonian in the geographical sense of the word. However, if we take modern Bulgarian and Macedonian as a starting-point, the dialect has many more traits of Bulgarian than of Macedonian.You seem also to forget that it is politics that defines what is a language and what is a dialect and which dialects belong to a certain language, not vice versa. As regards the Slavic dialects of Macedonia, we have an almost universal acceptance of them as Bulgarian until 1918, then they become viewed as Serbian by most scholars, and we have actually started regarding the name ``Macedonian`` as a linguistic and not only geographical term since 1945. Quoting the synchronical aspects of a question is of not much of a use when you lack any knowledge about its diachronical development. `	1
:See Wikipedia:User page#What should I avoid?.  I agree with , it is very confusing, particularly for new users.  And no, I didn't get to you via your user page but via recent changes.   |  	1
`:::It's not an OO sound - it's an ``uh``.  Perhaps ``Wuh-ster`` might be a better way of writing it.   `	0
== Oops! ==The article seems empty. I cannot find any trace of vandalism in the history of the article. Maybe this is a problem with my browser? Can anybody confirm?	0
== Parentacide ==Parentacide is the term used to describe a child killing one or both parents. Although the subject is as abhorrent as suicide or infantecide, it is a part of our life that cannot be dismissed.Parentacide dates back to Greek mythology, where Oedipus killed his father Laius and married his mother Jocasta. Frued coined the term Oedipus complex to describe a state of psychosexual development and awareness first occuring at the age of 3 1/2 years.In 1989 Lyle and Erik Menendez commited parentacide when they murdered both of their parents in cold blood. Although the murders were at least partially motivated by money, the brothers alleged their father had abused them, which was their justification for the killing.Jeremy Bamber committed parentacide by proxy and was convicted in 1986 of killing his adoptive parents, sister, and her two six year old sons. Although money was thought to be the motive for this killing spree, the fact that he was adopted indicates that the reasons behind the murders were less clear cut. Being adopted, Bamber very likely suffered from adopted child syndrome, which is a psychological maladjustment to the knowledge that his real parents had given him up for adoption.	1
An event mentioned in this article is an October 8 selected anniversary.	0
:Sorry, it sounds like you may have misread my comments, which were made over a month ago. Are you thinking I was being sarcastic? - I wasn't. I am aware that leaving comments for an anonymous IP might not get read by the same user. Please sign your comments.   	0
` Oct 2004 (UTC):No, Hawstom, it is not ``just a Book of Mormon`` thing. You have no idea whether reformed egyptian has been used in other contexts.  Just because its use in one context is recognized in some subset of society in the history of the universe does not mean it has not been used in other contexts. Your oversimplification is dead wrong, your centrism is misguided, and your comments put words (the wrong words) in Nauvoo's mouth. Nauvoo can speak for himself. | 15:38, 30`	1
== Middle Chinese Influence ==I was wondering what is the V+ and the V- in Middle Chinese mean or where it came from.  I have done research on Minnan hua and they don't seem to always map to Cantonese in a few tones, perhaps they are confused by the different tones.  In some ways, I think Vietnamese is even closer to Cantonese than Minnan in terms of tones.  It almost maps to each one exactly.  The 2nd tone in Cantonese usually has the ? accent in Vietnamese and the 5th tone always have the ~ tone on top of the vowel.Also, Vietnamese preserved some of the NG initials that seem to be dropped from Cantonese, eg.  ren2 (mandarin) ->  jan4(cantonese), but it has the ng inital in Hakka, Toisanese, and Vietnamese.Cantonese doesn't distinguish between teacher/lion and poem.hakka/viet su  (sai in minnan i think) teacher/lion and   si  poemBut there's closer tongue curling relationship between Vietnamese and Mandarin.  (Possible tongue curling in older Chinese?  or Manchu influence?)shi  goes to th, suand all si go to t or szh goes to  chi, trz  goes to t or tychi goes to xi, tr, si   (no real pattern)c   usually t  but some exceptions to tu or thuAlso, it seems that most (if not all) 2nd tone x, zhi, z initials in Mandarin has a hard ending (-k -p -t) in Cantonese.The hard endings -k -p -t is an element from older Chinese.  -h also in Minnan.	0
:What they are trying to do is create a false distinction between Revisionist history and Historical revisionism. This distinction is based sheerly upon the opinions of the editors involved, and has no basis in objectivity nor neutrality. The articles must be NPOV'ed and merged.  [Spade] 	1
`== Article Moving ==When renaming an article it should be moved rather than just copied and pasted to the new name. Otherwise all editing history is lost. Unfortunately I moved teh talk page over now so it is even more complicated. We will need to get an administrator to remove the current ``soda can stove`` page and move a reverted copy of the ``Pepsi can stove`` over here.  `	0
I disagree considering that number is about 6000 off and that's even without all the totals in yet. 1 percent of precints are still left to report(one percent would be another 3000 votes) plus provisonal/absentee ballots. Aka you can't add in the amount he got untill we have federal certified election results, untill then it's according to [blank media] Badnarik so far has recived (number) amount of votes.  	0
:The idea behind the nicotine patch is to deliver sufficient nicotine to your bloodstream to help alleviate physical withdrawal symptoms.  You won't get the same spikes in your nicotine level that you get with cigarettes, but you shouldn't have major physical withdrawal symptoms.  With the patch, the hardest part is getting over the habitual and psychological addiction of nicotine.  :Most of the patch systems allow the user to step down around week 6, going from 21mg/day to 14mg/day to 7mg/day.  Tapering the dose like this should allow for a smooth landing when you're done smoking and make physical withdrawal symptoms unlikely.  Dreams are a relatively common side effect from the patch, at least from me.  	0
`The topic could be the subject of an article, but this needs to be rewritten as an encyclopedia article. Use of the first person (eg, ``As far as I understand `` and telling people what to do (eg, ``just go to the cuban interest section and request them for a permition``...) are not appropriate for any article on any subject. If you want an article on this subject, rewrite it according to the Wikipedia:Manual of Style. Even when it is an emotional issue, make special effort to adhere to Wikipedia's NPOV guidelines. State the facts and let those facts speak for themselves. Cheers,   `	0
== Arafat has died!!! ==Today Arafat has died. Please somebody edit the page and write that he has died today, November 4, 2004. News sources will soon be speaking of it. Take off the editing block and edit that.	0
:I thought that the 40 days was based on a full series with each episode covering approximately 2 days.  At this point I think the time span is too up in the air and maybe we should just dump this note until somebody figures out a complete timeline.   	1
== Economy ==There is a writing, 'Lifting off the trade barrier caused so many bankruptcy of Korean companies'. But With Korean history text,http://www.ddanzi.com/ddanziilbo/46/46so_3002-1.html 'In 1920s, many Korean indigenous enterprises started/ expanded their business.' Could anyone show the reference of 'increase of bankruptcy'?  6 Nov 2004	0
==St Ethelburga's Bishopsgate==Done - deleted the target redirect; moved St Ethelburga's Bishopgate (sic) to St Ethelburga's Bishopsgate; edited St. Ethelburga's Bishopsgate to redirect to the right place.    	0
:About personal attacks...I wasn't the one going around and persecuting IP addresses...	1
:Info on producers is OK, but - I'm certain Phelps Dodge isn't the only one out there. At least back in the '70s when I worked in the copper industry, PD had lots of competition. Your edits looked like a promotion for a single big company - so I reverted. If iron and other metals have similar promotion like info they should be cleaned up also. I'll check 'em out when I get time. - 	0
Your User Page ==I can't claim much responsiblility for how your user page looks like now: my claim to fame is as the first to respond to your call for beautification. Anyway, do you like how it looks now?  Dude, it rocks.  I was stunned when I saw it this morning.   :The top toolbar is cool, but I think the play with font in the headings is unnecessary...Anyway, I added a few font alternatives for those who do not have access to the Georgia (font) font.  == 	0
===Pitocin and PDD===Hello, the history of Pitocin shows that you created this page. What is your source for linking Pitocin with Pervasive developmental disorder? I've never heard of such a linkage, and I've a vested interest in knowing more about it. Thank you,  	0
== Congratulations on search engines ==The #1 search on Lycos for the week ending November 6, 2004 was '2004 Presidential Election':http://50.lycos.com/I don't know what that search produced that week, but today that search shows this Wikipedia entry as #2. (If you're curious, #1 was http://dir.yahoo.com/Government/U_S__Government/Politics/Elections/Presidential_Elections/2004_Presidential_Election, and #3 was www.opensecrets.org/presidential/index.asp)Assuming that phrase was just as popular on other search engines, this is where the Wikipedia entry appeared in non-sponsored sections:#5  AOL??? Ask Jeeves#1  Clusty #5  Google #2  HotBot#8  MetaCrawler#1  MSN ??? Teoma#3  Vivisimo#12 Yahoo! So, congratulations and appreciation to everyone who worked on this entry. I thought you might enjoy this as a record of your achievement and popularity. -)	0
-Thanks Graham, glad to be part of such a great idea. Just my two pence! ) 	0
Far be it from me to presume to have fixed this obviously inflammatory debate, but what remains for the tag to be taken down now?  	0
== Wake up ==Slavs aren't intertwined in the royal families of Denmark and the UK and there is no Slavic art in those areas(except stolen and traded) to back up your revisionist claim of a common bond of ethnoracial descent.  It is common to find Celtic and Nordic art side by side and intertwined, but please, don't lie about the social status of thralls(slavery).  Slavs invaded Germania and caused the Volkerwanderung, which ended up with Germans coming back to reclaim the land by the Teutonic Knights.  All of this resulted in World War II and the Cold War.  Please refrain from using braggart fiction purporting dynastic connections as truth in Wikipedia articles.  This is a hostile act and I will not be silent over it!   	1
I don't have intention to start a pointless fight with you. I just think you made an honest mistake here. As you can see, many aren't satisfied by Alberuni's vandal changes, and since he is not willing to cooperate and just blaming everyone who disagrees with him in being a part of a Zionist conspieracy, I ask you to reconsider your stand here, and revert to the accepted version. See again the links I gave you to more background information.  :	1
:::Hey, just because you think Braveheart is gospel, doesn't make Edward II the way Hollywood portrayed him.  What type of scholarship is this??   	1
== thanks! ==... for fixing my little mini-profiles.  I am still wet behind the ears and didn't realize I was goofing on the birth year category link!  	1
`::No, I haven't  though I remember when it came out.  Sort of a companion  not in actuality, but in subject matter  to Chancellor Williams' The Destruction of Black Civilization.  If you're getting at the fact that Cleopatra could have been Greek and black  well, that's possible.  I haven't given it a lot of thought, frankly.  I used to think Cleopatra was black and then not  but I guess I haven't cared enough to read up on the subject.  When I responded to the last poster in the other forum, I decided to address his appalling ignorance more broadly  which concerns me more.  The big picture and not which person of note was what color  except as examples of a general population.  Without reading Black Athena, however, I know enough from other reading  about Etruscans, Phoenicians, etc.  that there was a substantial African presence in those cultures  and that ancient Greece was heavily influenced by black Egypt.  (One obvious appropriation:  so-called ``Greek architecture,`` many elements of which actually are black African/Egyptian in origin.  (Have you read it?) Peace.  `	0
Requestion peer review at wave vector.  I just sort of made up this definition basd on what I've seen in papers and on some math website.  I think it's okay, but see what you think.   	0
:I disagree.  The original usage of the term was probably exclusively West Coast, but that is no longer the case.  Allmusic says Biggie was gangsta rap, for example, MTV.com calls Jay-Z a gangsta rapper, Nas, Busta Rhymes and 50 Cent are also called gangsta rappers, this page calls G funk an offshoot of East Coast gangsta rap, this page talks about New York gangsta rap and Chuck D has called both Jay-Z and Ja Rule gangsta rappers. There is, perhaps, a difference in usage, but I don't think the term is exclusive to the West Coast.:Interestingly, this article is a #3 google hit, which is pretty sweet, and a good reason to focus on it! I wonder if we could improve it to featured level soon... 	0
I strongly suspect that jakew and Robert the Bruce are the same person.   	0
`== Wikipedia.info redirection? ==After reading the earlier discussion about the domain wikipedia.info, I visited the domain in question, and got a ``wiki does not exist`` message. When I go to wikipedia.com, I'm ``redirected`` to wikipedia.org.  Why not with wikipedia.info?   `	0
Go and read Collectivisation in the USSR, for starters.  	0
Dear Dogfather, please let me know your opinion about ideas from Wikipedia talk:WikiProject Dog breeds#is: List of dog breeds. Thanks  03:26, 2004 Nov 2 (UTC)	0
Thanks, and I apologize for my comment.  I'd like you to know that I understand your position.   	0
Okay, there seems to be an 'edit war' going on here, and it's silly.Question:  is the current photo (colour image) in the Public Domain?  It was not listed as such when I checked.  	0
 2004 (UTC):I don't see how a person with such strange opinions could be qualified as a mediator for anything. You seem better qualified for asking me if I want fries with that.  -  18:46, 17 Nov	1
:Nice one. If you're an ex-Wikipedian, couldn't you have inserted a few more links? -) | 	1
Did the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group ever use system flowcharts	0
`:If you can find any references to support the claim that there are actually vampire hunters who attempt to hunt and kill members of the vampire subculture, feel free to add that section back in.  I couldn't find anything to support it, and the claim that ``any vampire is capable of killing any human with little effort`` is contradicted by the majority of sites on the subject.  I fail to see how one edit over two months ago is ``continued butchering``.  - `	0
Talk:Khmer Rouge/Archive 1 Talk:Khmer Rouge/Archive 2 Talk:Khmer Rouge/Archive 3	0
 2004 (UTC)::When I was in Cuba I came over a central bureau of propaganda material. I think I took a photo of it. I'll check. -  08:18, 19 Nov	0
`== Can we get a geography section in this article? ==For instance, New England apparently has fjords known as ``fiards``.   `	0
:Meet-space refers to the real, rather than virtual, world.  The sentance means that actual physical police went to some spammer's house and arrested him.  I've chaned it in the article.  	0
`::Right... I tried to follow the tutorial, I think it'll basically work in 5.5. It's ``extrahera``, not a command I'd ever have selected sponaneously in my life. I think I'll be able to do it, although tonight, I've been spending a lot of time without tangible results. The tool is kind of too intelligent for what I tried to do. I outlined the part I wanted with green and filled inside with blue, but then Photoshop tried to guess (quite wrongly) what I really wanted and kept big blurry bits of the green-covered stuff, too. -( Computers are just too smart these days. Anyway, I made progress, I'll probably get there another day. Thanks, David. ]] `	0
==sweet==this game looks so freakin sweet i hope my dad buys it for me	0
:Ach! I've known more Karl's (and Carl's) than Kurts, I reckon. My apologies! Cheers,  |  	0
`Text from parallel article Anthony Ashley Cooper, 9th Earl of Shaftesbury, reformatted to wrap properly but with typos intact. This reads like an old article from The Children's Encyclopedia, but I don't know if that's where it came from:Piccadilly Circus is the centre of London where many streets meet. In the middle of the Piccadilly there is a small island of stone, and on the island there is a statue called Eros. Eros holds a bow and arrow, and leans forward as if he is flying over London.On the steps below him women used to sit with baskets of violets and snowdrops, or bunches of pink carnations and tight little rosebuds.All around are buses and lorries, and taxis and cars coming from north and south and east and west.Day and night the busy London traffic swirls round the small, stone island, and day after day people hurry past on their way to shops and theatres and staions and offices.Everyone knowws Eros. Taxi drivers look up at him and say,``Ah,Eros!Here we are at Piccadilly!``CHildren, holding tightly to their mothers' hands as they cross the road, try to catch a gimpse of him between the rows of traffic. But no one seems to have time to go up the steps, and read the words that are written below the statue. Many people, though they know Eros so well, don't know at all why he is there.He is there to remind them opf a story about a man called the Earl of Shaftesbury, who spent his hole life heping children.`	0
`== Condoleezza Rice censorship ==Hello Jewbacca. I am writing to inform you that I have some issues with your edits to my contribution to the Condoleezza Rice article. Although you claim that I ``poison the well with unneeded POV implications,`` I would argue that your ambitious language leaves too much open for interpretation and lets Dr. Rice off the hook. Having a NPOV doesn't mean censoring controversial ideas. For example, you removed ``criticized`` from the line ``Rice became the first National Security Advisor to campaign for her boss...`` You make it sound like perhaps it is a good thing that She was out stumping for Bush instead of protecting the homeland. In addition, you removed another line I added that spelt out that there is a ``controversial`` link she perpetuates between Iraq and September 11th. The fact that this is even open for interpretation is beyond me. I believe my additions were in line with the NPOV policy and I have replaced them. It concludes with the actual quote so readers can pose their own stance. I am open to suggestions of maybe a better way to word my feelings on this topic. Please let me know.  `	0
::: I dont think I am saying anything more than I have explicitly stated above. When we have the Homeopathy article explaining every single concept and aspect of homeopathy, except for only two short and simple definitions explained somewhere else, both of which can be written as single paragraphs, which are both referenced only in one paragraph of the main Homeopathy article, then it seems rather obvious that those paragraphs should be included in the main article itself. Note that besides the List of homeopathic remedies there are only two articles with homeopathic in the title: Homeopathic repertory and Homeopathic proving. Every other concept is explained in Homeopathy. Their what links here pages show that they are needed for only one purpose: to explain one paragraph of Homeopathy article, the first paragraph of Homeopathic remedies section. But I think Im repeating myself.  	0
==Revert without comment==Please don't do that - if you disagree with an edit, please discuss it on the talk page, thank you,  	0
:  's suggestion elsewhere of a disambiguation block prefacing the CORBA page seems like the best of both worlds to resolve this.	0
UnunhexiumDelete - more duplicative speculative sciencecruft. The article admits that evidence for this is fabricated and that its main role is in ufo conspiricy.  	0
*Possibly it justifies a redirect to Elements that do not exist, or Fictional elements, but we don't have to indulge people who make up new elements and are then found to be crooked.  	0
== Please do not abuse vfd process ==There is a process of community voting, your lone-rangerism is not appreciated.  	1
If you want an article kept, then vote for it, don't abuse the process. Thank you. 	0
== Peloponesian War - good, but maybe move to another page? ==I don't have a strong view, and I'm not sure which way is wikkiest, but I think the diversion into the history of a campaign lost through the disease might do at least as well on its own - as a side bar, diversion or further layer of detail.Opinions?	0
== VFD process abuse ==Listing things which should be deleted is not abuse. Removing things without following process is.  	1
:Herschel has now been blocked.  See Wikipedia_talk:Requests_for_arbitration/Admin_enforcement_requested.  That should make life a little easier.  	1
:: I agree with the house policy. The first time a ship is mentioned it's USS Shipname, after that it's common to refer to her by her name, and often her nickname. If were are talking about something formal, then you revert to USS Shipname. Also the title of the article correct, but the text is not. A ship's class never starts with USS. The USS is a formal designator meant to show commissioned US Navy ships. This is the second time I have seen this done on Wiki. The first time was with the midget submarine X-1 which was never commissioned (the CNO would never let something like that get commissioned because it counts against his total ship count). 	1
::::Thanks for the information.  I obviously know very little about LDS, but I am willing to learn more.  	0
I.Kant believe how sad everybody who writes things on this sight are- get a life!	1
I listed the article at cleanup because I think there is good content there, but it needs to be cleaned up.  At the first read, I immediatly got the impression that the article was written by a fan, and that the text didn't flow as well as it could because too much detail and too many quotes of more or less relavancy were included in the narative.  You seem to resist the editing of the article by others, reverting the article atleast 6 times in the last two hours.  This is not constructive.  If others choose to edit an article, it is because they want to make the article better, either by adding more detail, or by making the existing detail easier to find or understand.  We're all here to build a better encyclopedia, and sometimes a better encyclopedia is built by tightening up content so that it is presented in a clearer, more consise manner.  The best content in the world is of no value to anyone if the reader never finds it because it is surrounded by too much fluff.  	0
`:Yo, i started checking Shakespearian authorship, when i thought, ``hang on, by the time i finish checking this, someone will probably have edited it``, So i propose that we use the form:Article (The bellman checked -  and also leave a note on the talk page saying, ``This page has been reviewed and judged to be ready to be saved in static form as part of the William Shakespeare WikiReader. If you believe that the version of this page which was checked (), is not suitable for static reproduction, please raise your concerns on this talk page.This makes sure we dont miss some error which is discovered between now and when we finish the wikireader, that we know what we checked, and it also helps publicise it a bit aswell (which can only be a good thing) 06:23, 2004 Nov 27 (UTC)`	0
:I may have left in '86 but my parents still live in the same house. Since you're in the area why don't you go and check - I haven't been up there for about 18 months so things may have been cleaned up, but it didn't look too hopeful since it has been in that state for at least the last ten years. I'd check myself but I actually reside in Australia, so a quick trip is not really feasible right now. If I'm wrong I'll be more than happy to retract my statement, but since the problems appear to be somewhat entrenched, I'm not too hopeful. The area I'm thinking of in particular is the section of Livingstone Walk between Henry Wells Square and the main residential section - there was a major park there that is now closed and unquestionably surrounded by barbed wire. Further on is The Dell which when I visited last was strewn with houshold rubbish and used syringes. I don't think the evidence of my own eyes counts as 'POV'. As for the implication that I might simply be lying about this - why would I want to do that? These places are not the only examples - a tour of the area on foot will confirm what I'm suggesting. As for the CCTV info, it may be true, but it isn't actually very interesting, nor is it worded in a way which makes much sense. Read the sentence again - it does not tell you anything unless you already know what it's meant to be saying. If it can be reworded to say something interesting it might be worth keeping. (Since the UK now seems to be infested with surveillance systems, I don't think that singling Hemel out is really worth a mention). 	1
`:Let me explain the problems in your paragraph, which for ease of reference I include below.::Prime Minister Blair is known in Britain as well as the United States for his personal closeness to US President Bush. The two's coordination is uncanny, rarely ever voicing direct disagreements and presenting united stances on most issues; sometimes with Blair going against the Labour party as well as the majority of British citizens. In May, he backed the controversial Israeli withdrawal plan for the Gaza Strip, a radical departure from traditional British politics toward the region, and a move that put the British government in the position of being the only major nation besides the US to support it. He acquiesced to American requests in October to send Scotland's prestigious Black Watch battalion to Baghdad. Recently, the Prime Minister responded to a question on the environment with a stance very close to what the President Bush's was. This ``special relationship`` between George W. Bush and Tony Blair has drawn a mixed bag of reactions in the UK, but it continues to be strong. In November 2004, the Prime Minister travelled to Washington in hopes of using the close friendship to influence the President's stances on a European summit, environment/climate control, and an Israeli-Palestinian peace plan.:The first sentence is acceptable and is in the article. The second is where the problems start. ``The two's coordination is uncanny`` is the sort of statement one would make about two lovers, and will carry this meaning to readers. As for ``rarely ever voicing direct disagreements``, you will find this in most public utterances in diplomacy, regardless of any actual disagreements. For example read the press conference with Blair and Chirac earlier this month. The issue of dissent within the Labour Party over Blair has already been covered in the article and needs no repeating here.:The UK government's support for the Gaza withdrawal plan is hardly ``a radical departure`` and, even if it was such a statement would be POV. See 'The Chariot of Israel' by Harold Wilson for the full story of British support for Israel over the years to 1981. Also, the Israeli Labour Party has supported it, and that carries weight in its British sister party. Then the use of the term 'acquiesced' which is only used in a subservient relationship and is therefore pejorative, as is the insertion of 'prestigious' before the regiment: this reads as if it magnifies any offence because the regiment involved was more distinguished than others. :The remark about the environment lacks any detail but is irrelevant: the UK government policy hasn't changed and is quite distinct from the US, so anything which Blair might have said at a press conference is neither here nor there. Finally we come to a report of Blair's visit to the US which states that it was about the environment (it wasn't - see press conference) and is imprecise. This issue, and the rest of this edit, is better covered in the article as it was, and I have therefore reverted it.  `	0
==Foundation Issues==Can be found here 	0
`==Video Poker==Video Poker machine payout tables only represent a theoretical payout percentage. The vast majority of gamers cannot achieve that payout percentage because they do not play correctly.It is essential to draw correctly depending on the content of each dealt hand, and there are strategy tables devised by computer which determine how to do so, depending on the payout table. (Hence you need different strategy tables for different payout tables!)My ambition is to add such strategy tables to the Video Poker article, but I can't just copy-and-paste such strategies from an existing book due to copyright. To get around that problem, I have an off-the-shelf analytical program that allows the creation of strategy tables based on a weighting of difficulty vs. accuracy. These tables are slightly different than the published ones, but still accomplish the desired positive payoff.If you're interested in getting a good feel for this, there is a training program called ``WinPoker`` available from Zamzow Software, (in the U.S.), that allows you to practice, as well as automatically run through a great number of hands using a given payout table and strategy.Cheers, `	0
34, 30 Nov 2004 (UTC)::Because you like to accuse me of reverting, when in fact this seems to be your modus operandi. Also, I don't beleive that Shorne is a troll any more than I beleive you are a troll. -  ::: I have added responses to the above.  This is a tu quoque argument.  Just because I've reverted vandals and trolls does not mean you do not revert as well.  ::::Then I suggest you look at the reasons for my reverts. I have each time: taken the page to talk. have tried to compromise your reversions. Only reverted you because you reverted yourself, in most cases losing information. Allow my to continue the history log a bit later. Then we'll see. -  ::: And I'm guessing you're not expert on Shorne, so what you think probably shouldn't have much weight.  01:	1
```For some Christians, Mary was believed to have been the same woman that Jesus had rescued from being stoned to death. However most modern scholars believe that the prostitute Jesus rescued and Mary were two seperate persons. However the Mel Gibson movie The Passion of the Christ had portrayed the prostitute and Mary as the same person.``Is this ``prostitute`` the woman taken in adultery? Some Christians have historically been discouraged from reading Scripture on their own: could this still be true among some sects?  `	0
, and many probably do just that.  I believe this would save a great deal amount of time, as well. 	0
`::I agree the text is poor but for starters it's better than nothing, there would be no point to the article otherwise.  We should add back the cleanup tag perhaps.  An Encyclopedia is allowed to be a ``how to`` guide for do it yourselfers?  ``Common sense rules`` as a heading probably should be changed to something more like ``Tenets of regional planning`` or something more encyclopedic sounding, I agree.  `	0
You need to learn all 4 cause Japan and Korea used to write in Chinese, also Chinese references to these countries can not be ignored especially when these countries did not compile massive ancient historical information like the Chinese did. Also, there are proof, evidence, documentation in Korean, Japanese and Chinese, in addition to counter arguements for many disputed items. And you need to know english cause this is an english website. 	0
will make the change to create a strong AI heading for the article if no one responds	0
 It's an unreasonable claim drawn up by conspiracy theorists with no better use for their time. 	1
== RfC ==I have added the diffs, and an explanation as to why you might have arrived at that misaprehension.  Wikipedia:Requests for comment/Slrubenstein	0
`== One Addition ==Mustafaa, I promised much more stuff but have been too busy lately.One thing that sticks out and could be fixed quickly is the beginning of the invasion.Yes, it is my fault for adding only the Argov incident, which now makes it sounds as if it was the main reason for invasion, which is of course wrong. So, the sentence:* ``On 1982-06-06 Israel invaded Lebanon in response to the attempted assassination of Israeli Ambassador Shlomo Argov by Abu Nidal in London on June 4.``should be expanded. This is a quickie list of basic facts:* Israel had been bombing Lebanon/PLO for months, from the air, sea and land; and preparing for the invasion (see below, they couldn't have pulled of the invasion in a matter of days otherwise.)* There was the attempted assassination Shlomo Argov ...* The assassination attempt was used by Begin as an impetus to shortcut the Knesset's debate and move into Lebanon without full approval. * Israel invaded with 60,000 troops.I'll post links and add more explanations if needed.  08:56, 2004 Dec 2 (UTC)`	0
`=Edits made===Let's discuss them here.My first change is to the first sentence. I have changed: ``The United States has an established legal tradition of providing strong protection for civil rights and human rights.`` to ``Although the United States has had instances in the past where it has infringed the human and civil rights of people, it has established a legal tradition of providing strong protection for those rights.`` See #My markings up of ``dubious`` for why this was marked as disputed. I have tried a compromise. -  ==`	0
==Talk:Christmas==The commercialization of Christmas has been mentioned there by . You can make reply to this part. Click here.	0
Macroevolution theorizes that there is a common ancestor to all vertebrates. The test is that if this were true all vertebrates would share similarities. Since it upholds to this test, all vertebrate are similar it gains support as a theory. You claim to be friends with science. That is how science works. If a theory upholds to tests and gives consistent results, it gains support.  	1
== hello dan! ==i am esther and i from spain,i have curly hear and i dont like the chocolat, but i like gominols. i love your films and i think you are excellent!, i dont like boys to his hear is fair,but i like the boys to his hear is black. i sinpatic but i dont talk very good spanish, sorry, jajajja.PLEASE, CONTEST ME!THANK YOU!ESTHER FUENTES, PDS:IVE GOT 13 YEARS OLD.GOOD BAY!	1
`== Info and links ==* The Cause for Invasion:``The goal was to remake the political landscapeto drive out the Palestine Liberation Organization and install a right-wing Christian Lebanese leader prepared to sign a peace deal with Israel. But Operation Peace for Galilee ended in failure.`` :``Israel launched operation ``Peace for Galilee`` and invaded Lebanon in 1982 in what was sold to the Israeli public as a bid to drive the Palestine Liberation Organization back from the northern border. Sharon went on to drive the PLO out of Lebanon and to try to install a more friendly regime there. ... The Israelis stayed, and their effort to install a new regime ended in disaster.`` * The Invasion was planned:``When, in early June 1982, terrorists of the Abu Nidal organization, a PLO splinter group, badly wounded the Israeli ambassador in London during an assassination attempt, Israel seized the pretext for launching its long-planned offensive.`` * The Invasion was opposed by the US and the UN::* See ``U.N. Security Council Resolution 509``:*``On June 6, President Reagan, in France to meet with the G-7 Heads of Government at the Versailles Economic Summit, dispatched Habib to Israel to try to restore the cease-fire. That same day the United States joined a unanimous U.N. Security Council Resolution demanding that Israel withdraw from Lebanon and that the border cease-fire be observed by all parties.`` * Other details::``September 15, 1982: Ariel Sharon arrives in Beirut to personally direct the IDF campaign ... The IDF launches sporadic shellfire at Sabra and Shatila.`` :``September 15, 1982: An Israeli divisional intelligence officer, providing an update briefing on the situation in the camps, reports to the Chief of Staff: ``It seems there are no terrorists there, in the camp; Sabra camp is empty.`` (Kahan Commission Final Report, p. 24).:``Two Israeli paratroopers tell correspondent Michael Gerti: On Thursday evening, as darkness fell, Palestinian women from Shatila arrived at the post and hysterically told us that the Phalangists were shooting their children and putting the men in trucks. I reported this to my commander, but all he said was: 'It is okay, do not worry.' My order was to tell the women to go back home. However, many women, and entire families as well, ran away from the camps to the north. I went back and repeated my report over and over. Each time, however, the answer was the same: ``It is okay.``...It was possible to stop the massacre in Shatila, even on Thursday; had they acted on what we reported to our commander. (Ha'aretz, September 23, 1982).`` 05:25, 2004 Dec 3 (UTC)`	0
`What about the PA32-260 and PA32-300 models in the late 60's and early 70's?  They, too, were called ``Cherokee 6's``.`	1
Italian, French, some Arabic and a bit of Maltese.	0
Sorry that was a typo on my part. I meant to say Trademark.  .	0
:It's not 100% clear, but there was a white flash while riding in the Osprey.  I don't remember if there is dialog in HL2 that would clarify.   	0
new yorki got 100 gunsa hundred clipsnigga, i'm from new yorknew york ja rule ft. fat joe and jadakiss - new york	1
`This article talks specifically about Israeli violence, so most contents belongs here, with perhaps some subarticles on long subjects.P.S. There is nothing POV about this factual title. It does not state ``Israeli violence targeted at children``, does it. 05:32, 2004 Dec 6 (UTC)`	1
`TAB_TOKENI wrote to `` Tina Kimmel `` < Tina @T Motherlove . Org > who referred me to `` Amber Craig `` < Ambercraig @T Nc . Rr . Com > who referred me to `` Norm Cohen `` < NormCohen @T NOCIRCofMI . org > who sent me this:TAB_TOKENOctober 2004TAB_TOKENSuffering at the Breast is Not BestTAB_TOKENLa Leche League Censors While Mothers and Sons SufferTAB_TOKENTo La Leche League Board of Directors, Staff, Leaders, Members, and Alumnae:TAB_TOKENIn a shocking display of mixing with religious causes, La Leche Leagues Board of Directors has let a small group of women defeat the free exchange of information on circumcisions negative impact on breastfeeding success.TAB_TOKENIn April of 2003, NOCIRC signed a contract with La Leche League International as an exhibitor and paid for exhibit space for their international conference held in July 2003.  Shortly before the event, the board of directors vetoed our admission as exhibitors.  Word of our attendance had spread to a minority of Jewish women in the organization who objected to our very presence.TAB_TOKENNOCIRC has exhibited successfully at literally hundreds of conferences locally, regionally, and nationally.  We are asked back year after year.  Without religious prejudice, we provide information about the traumatic effects of circumcision.  We hand out our information pamphlets in a non-confrontational manner to those who approach our table because they are interested in learning about the issue.  Each year, we have a well-received exhibit booth for physicians attending the American Academy of Pediatrics national conference.TAB_TOKENNOCIRC already counts among its supporters hundreds of LLL members and former members.  The silent majority of leaders within League are already on our side.    Attendees who were interested would have  appreciated our information; those who were not interested would have just walked on by.TAB_TOKENThe vast majority of boys who are circumcised in the United States are not sons of Jewish or Muslim parents.  Preventing these non-religious circumcisions has always been the primary focus for NOCIRC.  This painful surgery, the most common procedure that baby boys are forced to experience, puts breastfeeding success at risk.  Good chest-to-chest positioning requires mom to press her sons wounded penis up against her body, and the pain makes him unable or unwilling to nurse.TAB_TOKENLa Leche League reported problems with breastfeeding by circumcised infants in their 1981 edition of The Womanly Art of Breastfeeding.  In 1996, LLL ratified the Mother-Friendly Childbirth Initiative, along with 25 other organizations.  The organization accepted ten basic principles for mother-friendly care,  including the requirement that service providers must discourage non-religious circumcision of the newborn. (on-line at ).TAB_TOKENThe breastfeeding relationship does not begin in a vacuum.  In 2002, NOCIRC issued its position statement, The Effects of Circumcision on Breastfeeding, available at .  Researchers have found that some male babies are unable to suckle the mothers breast after circumcision.  The circumcised infant is in pain and is in an exhausted, weakened, and debilitated condition.  The circumcision procedure frequently causes the newborn to withdraw from his environment, interfering with his process of bonding and breastfeeding.TAB_TOKENLa Leche League claims it is a non-sectarian organization.  However, when it comes to circumcision, it is a religious organization.  A few powerful members are keeping clinical data regarding breastfeeding obstacles out of the hands of all members in order to further their personal religious viewpoint.  For six years now they have systematically excluded NOCIRC from simply having a table at their area and national conferences.TAB_TOKENThe Board of Directors has placed a higher priority on protecting religious circumcision than on breastfeeding success for the 94% of non-Jewish, non-Muslim  moms.  Jewish boys have seven days to establish breastfeeding before undergoing surgery; non-Jewish boys do not because they are circumcised at birth, and thus they are at a greater risk.TAB_TOKENThe Boards action is hypocritical in light of LLLs own struggle with those who block the promotion of breastfeeding benefits for fear of upsetting parents.  LLL has itself been accused of producing guilt when they describe the advantages of breastfeeding in much the same way that NOCIRC is now being accused by LLL.TAB_TOKENLLL has an obligation to its members to make available information on how circumcision affects breastfeeding.  New and expectant moms need this information ASAP in order to nurture a successful breastfeeding relationship with their sons.  NOCIRC can help to insure that this happens.T	0
 should be used. I know this sounds redundant, but it is more accurate.	1
`(Comments by ):Could you please provide a reference for these claims?  In particular the claim about the Chernobyl accident could really use some support.  Certainly the core material did melt, and was found in the basement, so it's not clear in what sense this should be removed from the list of meltdowns. Certainly this contradicts our article on the subject:::``[T]he fourth reactor of the Chernobyl power plant [...] suffered a catastrophic nuclear meltdown that resulted in a series of explosions and fire.``:and, later, ::``[T]he fuel rods began to melt [...]``.:If you have references to cite, that would be great, as we could fix both articles.  Until then, I'll leave this article in agreement with Chernobyl accident.   `	0
`== WikiProject Wiki Syntax ==Good morning.  Thank you for helping to clean up the Wikisyntax.  I was not aware of that effort until I saw some of your edits.  I do, however, have to disagree with some of the minor changes you've been making in a couple of paragraphs where the author/editor has chosen to itemize his/her arguments.  For example, at Bee learning and communication, someone wrote ``The primary lines of evidence used by the odor plume advocates are 1) clinical experiments with odorless sugar sources which show that worker bees are unable to recruit to those sources and 2) logical difficulties of a small-scale dance...``   You changed those to ``(1)...`` and ``(2)...``. This may be a small point, but I believe it is stylistically incorrect. Surrounding the number on both sides generally indicates a footnote, not a segmented argument.I'm guessing that this is going to create some false positives on the automated list of possible syntax errors but I'm going to revert those changes.  I've made a comment on the project's Talk page about the problem as I see it.  Thanks.    `	1
::: Yes.  See paradigm shift. | 	0
`Kia ora, ``Palmerstonian``! Been active for at least two weeks and nobody has put any criticisms on your talk page!!Well, I don't want to be the first, so I'll just say I have enjoyed a number of refreshment stops and done a bit of land surveying in Palmerston, New Zealand. My daughter, Annabel, is the current ``voice`` of Arena Manawatu; but maybe you don't listen to commercial radio.Impressive list of proposed projects you have, and remarkable list of achievements in such a short time! Doubtless our paths will cross (or at least meet in a friendly way) from time to time. `	1
.  See the GFDL article for additional information on the problems with the GFDL	0
`::So what are documenting? What the Kalima is called? Or what a committee of Arabic scholars would recommend that 1.2 billion people should be saying? Almost every Muslim I have met in Africa, South Asia, Arabia, and North America will never have heard of that way of referring to it. And I am talking about Arabic speakers, too.::My apologies if that sounds testy, and I hate to say this to you, but the logic above sounds very like the argument from the other side in the ``discussion`` on the definition of ``Islamism``that since it should ``technically`` mean that, we should use the technical definition in this encyclopedia as the ``official`` meaning.  `	1
==The Humungous Image Tagging Project==Hi. You've helped with the Wikipedia:WikiProject Wiki Syntax, so I thought it worth alerting you to the latest and greatest of Wikipedia fixing project, , which is seeking to put copyright tags on all of the untagged images. There are probably, oh, thirty thousand or so to do (he said, reaching into the air for a large figure). But hey: they're images ... you'll get to see lots of random pretty pictures. That must be better than looking for at at and the the, non? You know you'll love it. best wishes  	0
I'm uber-anal about my AFI	1
`::::Ah yes, resort to the ad hominem method of arrogance that we've all become so familiar with on this page. Now I'm an ``ignorant skeptic``. Thank you very much. But I do not buy it. I do not accept that the status of belief in infants is scientifically falsifiable. Just how exactly do you prove it one way or the other? I'm not saying that infants or children are born with any specific beliefs in any specific gods, but there has been research that indicates humans have a predisposition to what some call magical thinking, which by some accounts, is what got humans to belief in gods.  `	1
`== this is a joke, okay? ==Darling, by DELETING an important poll on the Talk:Jesus page you have made it clear that you are a VANDAL and I will no longer recognize your existence.  Some people do believe that 1+1 does not equal 2 and you cannot CENSOR me for making that point.  As a matter of fact I can provie it right now:==people who agree Eequor is a Vandal==#==people who do not agree Eequor is a Vandal==#==people who disagree that EEquor is a Vandal==#SEE!  Now I bet you will delete this also!  Which just proves you are a vandal!To summarize*Jesus told koans*is ``does 1+1 not equal 2`` not a koan?*arguments against me*I defend myself*some VANDAL deletes the arguments against me*I defend myself againIf you do or do not reply to this I will request a comment or arbitration or both but not at exactly the same time and I can prove it.  Darling. `	1
* Keep.  	0
`AndyL,I have deleted your reference to the Canadian Red Ensign and the ``Zundel People``.I shall keep doing so.EVERYDAY.... If I have to.FOREVER.Next up,You can ``expect`` nothing.Some ``wing-dings`` have put up the Red Ensign at this idiots rally once in a while,.... SO WHAT,....?That does NOT make the Red Ensign theirs.Why do you try so hard to link the Red Ensign to this bunch of nut-bags,...?The Red Ensign is a cherished symbol of Canada.I'm trying to protect it from getting slandered by reckless people like you.So AndyL,... why do you keep going to the effort of linking the Red Ensign to ``Zundel-people``,....?Why make such a big effort to link such insignificant ``sightings of the Red Ensign`` at Zundel rallies,...?Well,...?Eh,...?Why,...?I am prepared to continue this ``debate/deleting`` of the Red Ensign racist-group linking, AD-NAUSEIUM, AD-INFINITUM.ArmChairVexillologistDon`	1
== Hi! I'm sure you know that there is a deletion process. If you want to keep an article, feel free to vote for it, but don't removed it, that is abuse of process. Thanks,  	0
`==Montrealais===I shall be direct,You clearly have a sound knowledge of Vexillology (study of Flags), and can understand that linking a Flag to ``group`` can be unjustified.   You value the Quebec Flag,... you would not want to have it ``dragged through the mud`` unfairly.   I request a similiar ``consideration`` for the Canadian Red Ensign (flown 1867-1964 AD).   We are not children here,... I would not want to see this get ``out-of-hand``.Sincerely, and respectfully,ArmChairVexillogistDon==Canadian Red Ensign==I am ArmChairVexillologistDon,I am a hobbiest in Heraldy, and Vexillology,I am very well read on those subjects.Yesterday I noted a slanderous reference, linking the Canadian Red Ensign to Neo-Facists groups.  I did not appreciate the reference, not one little bit.  I posted some information in that regard.  Specifically a web-site link to the Great Canadian Flag Debate.   The Canadian Government uncharacteristically saw fit to keep an accurate archive, detailing those important events.At any rate, you decided to remove my ``contribution``.  However you decided to leave the ``disputed`` reference linking the Canadian Red Ensign to the Neo-Facists groups.  I was not pleased that you choose to remove my ``contribution``, and then decided that the Neo-Facist comment could stay.I decided then, if my comments were to go, then the Neo-Facist comments were to go as well.  I thus have deleted them.I don't usually get involved in things such as this, but Heraldy and Vexillology are two of my dearest passions.  So, my comments are gone fine, but why was the Neo-Facist comment left by you?ArmChairVexillologistDonI expect the picture below will be accepted as proof  Ernst Zundel.]] _____            _____== Rebutal-of-Rebutal ==Dec 11, 2004 AD,AndyL,I have deleted your reference to the Canadian Red Ensign and the ``Zundel People``.I shall keep doing so.EVERYDAY.... If I have to.FOREVER.Next up,You can ``expect`` nothing.Some ``wing-dings`` have put up the Red Ensign at this idiots rally once in a while,.... SO WHAT,....?That does NOT make the Red Ensign theirs.Why do you try so hard to link the Red Ensign to this bunch of nut-bags,...?The Red Ensign is a cherished symbol of Canada.I'm trying to protect it from getting slandered by reckless people like you.So AndyL,... why do you keep going to the effort of linking the Red Ensign to ``Zundel-people``,....?Why make such a big effort to link such insignificant ``sightings of the Red Ensign`` at Zundel rallies,...?http://www.zundelsite.org/zundel_persecuted/aug10_rally.htmlWell,...?Eh,...?Why,...?Austrian Flags at Zundel Rallieshttp://zundelsite.org/zundel_persecuted/free_zundel_rally_nov23.htmlAustria: Index of All Pagessterreichhttp://flagspot.net/flags/at-index.html#landAustrian (Austro-Hungarian), and German Flags are the most varied in the World.  If you KNEW ANYTHING ABOUT FLAGS (which you obviously do not) you would know that some block-head waving a Flag does NOT make it theirs. I am prepared to continue this ``debate/deleting`` of the Red Ensign racist-group linking, AD-NAUSEAM, AD-INFINITUM.ArmChairVexillologistDon`	1
`::::::::You incorrectly infer from the agreement to include other pictures that all editors have agreed to delete the photo you propose to delete. There was no consensus to delete the photo. There was your demand that that the photo was unrepresentative and there were other editors acting to find photos to assuage your demands by providing other photos that would meet your demands. That doesn't imply agreement with your demand to delete a factual photo. It is not an explicit expression of consensus. At least on other editor involved in the discussion at that time - Tareq - is disputing your assertion of consensus and I am disputing your claims that the photo is ``unrepresentative``, the basis for deleting it, and the existence of your alleged consensus now. The picture of the Wall that you want to delete is very significant. It shows the ugliness of the Israeli wall. There is no rule that says photos must be representative. A photo is a factual representation of the facts. This is aone part of the wall. Deleting it is a form of cesorship of the reality of the Wall in at least some places. In any case, how is representativeness determined? Your opinion does not suffice. What percentage of the wall is fence and what percent is wall? What is the representative appearance in populated areas? What is considered a representative portion? What are the future final plans for the wall's appearance? The photo will be returned top the article without deleting any other photo. Adding information is preferable to deleting information.    `	1
`::::::There is nothing inherently POV about discussing Israeli violence against Palestinian children. It is a fact. It is a recognized problem as the data in the article reflects.  We don't balance articles about Nazi concentration camps by renaming it ``Violence in the Nazi-Jewish conflict`` and then inserting sections about Jewish uprisings against the Nazis in order to deflect attention from Nazi atrocities and paint the deaths of oppressed Jews and oppressing Nazis as if they are equivalent.   That is what the WikiZionists intend to do. They want to rename this article to something ``neutral`` (i.e. something that doesn't reflect the facts about Israeli atrocities against Palestinian children) and then pad it with sensationalized Zionist POV sections about Palestinian resistance to Zionist aggression. They already have plenty of Zionist POV articles smearing all palestinians as fanatic terrorists rather than victims of Zionist terrorism. This is one article devoted to documenting the facts about Israeli violence against Palestinian children.  `	1
:Excellent work, very well done. Thank you for your effort!  	1
::::::The consensus is un your imagination. You made your usual POV demands and reasonable people tried to ignore them, as usual. That's not a consensus. That's normal editors trying to deal with an agreesive POV pushing bully. There was never an explicit consensus and you haven't been able to show one. There is certainly no consensus now. If you want to establish a Zionist consensus, you will have to work harder to have me and all other reasonable editors banned.   	1
` I got in touch with the owner of the website mentioned above, and he has offered to e-mail me a scanned copy of the map in the book illustration, which shows an intermediate band where the white band occurs near the northern tip of Africa.  I had a closer look at the maps I found in the library, and none of them improves on what was in that website. The one major difference that a revised map probably ought to take account of is the division of Australia into two regions. I'll make overlays to check, but it looks like the only other changes involve reducing 8 zones to 5. If you check out the Cavelli-Sforza map (which I now think is a photo reproduction of the original map) you can easily understand why authors would decide to simplify the number of zones  Cavelli-Sforza's map is o.k. for the lighter half of the shades of skin color, but the darker shades are practically indistinguishable.  Sometimes, if you know where to look, you will see what looks like a little halftoning rather than straight black ink. But for practical purposes the map is pretty useless outside of the values that are shown in the Americas.  In a way it was a good thing that the original map was so washed out. If I hadn't really looked carefully at it I'm pretty sure I'd have missed the white band. The uncorrected map has propagated so many places on the WWW that it's hard to believe the original maker of the digitized image has any objection to others using it.  ==Cleanup==We need to clean up the article. The sections should only treat what it says they do in the section title. For example, there shouldn't be a paragraph ``:``In everyday speech, race is often used to describe populations that are better defined as ethnic groups...``at the end of ``History of the term``. Nor should the ``Anthropology and genetics`` section, being placed after the history section, i.e. we are through with the historical aspect now, begin with :``In the 19th century many natural scientists made three claims about race: ...``(i.e. this bit still belongs in the 'history' section). Also the case studies (USA, Brazil) should either be exported to special articles, or at least be placed after the more general phylogenetic subsection. Somebody should read the entire article and weed out repetitions, too.  == Von Luschan scale == The von Luschan scale was a manufactured set of standard tiles that were colored so that a researcher could in relatively rapid order sort through his/her tiles and find the one that came closest to matching a given subject's skin color. Essentially the same method is still used today, at least in this increasingly anti-scientific nation, by dentists who want to match ceramic material used for making fillings with the color of their patient's tooth. They have a little cabinet full of ceramic ``teeth`` on little spindles. Each specimen has a different combination of hue and brightness from the others. Although one could easily create an electronic device to measure these factors to tighter tolerances, the low-tech device seems to meet professional standards. Similarly, given the fact that a subject's skin color could vary considerably due to contingent factors such as season and weather patterns, the von Luchan tiles probably provide all the accuracy that is useful. `	1
`::There is no difference in rhetoric. The quote that Jayjg took out of context was a citation from the Qur'an that Hamas uses (also out of context) to justify the killing of Jews. Zionists use similar tactics (that's where Hamas learned it) by quoting the Torah and Talmud to justify the killing of non-Jews. ``We must treat the Arabs like the Amalekites`` is a common sentiment among extremist Zionists. There are quotes from Zionist rabbis on this page that are indistinguishable from the logic of Hamas clerics. The denial of Zionism's genocidal intent and practice is similar to Nazis who denied the Holocaust and Final Solution even as they conducted it. Zionists claim to be ethical and humanitarian while routinely killing hundreds of children, imprisoning thousands of adults and oppressing millions of non-Jews in the name of their Jewish supremacist ideology and state.  `	1
Your comments on my discussion page are rude, arrogant, bullying and totally inappropriate. Napoleon complex is a stub and you might learn something about yourself by improving it, little boy.  	1
* Keep.  	0
::What's ironic, you're actually a girl?  	1
`You abused your authority by blocking me improperly,, then you refused to apologize (So tough), then you tried to bully me (``Do not revert like you have been ever again. Understood?`` and now you are threatening me (``I'm not suggesting this time: I'm telling you: you need to change the way you edit. Now.``). Viriditas did  for activity that was not a violation of the three revert rule - and . Then he and Jayjg and sockpuppet friend continued to guard the Zionist hatchet job on Yasser Arafat preventing other editors from altering it and you dutifully protected the article for them while blocking me.  You admit to being biased against me  and then you block me and protect the Zionist version of Yasser Arafat. I think the question should be, ``who the hell do you think you are?``  `	1
You are a child.  	1
`::You are not worth the effort. You are arguing like Viriditas and Pename now. 24 hours really means 24 and a half hours. Four reverts in more than 24 hours is violating the ``spirit`` of the three revert in 24 hour rule - as interpreted by you. ``So tough.`` Who needs rules? Just make it up as you go along and do what you want - call it ``discretion``. You violate the rules by blocking me then claim I violated the ``spirit of the rule.``  Your violation is ``debatable`` like the Occupied Territories are ``disputed.`` You are just abusing your authority to push your petty authoritarian agenda that obviously reflects your personal insecurities. You think you can threaten and bully me.  ``And I guess you won't be reverting so quickly in future, will you now?`` What a weasel. Please go ahead and contribute your petty complaints to ban me so I don't bother wasting my time on a project populated by immature arrogant twerps, fascist Zionist bigots, Islamophobe hate-mongers, bunch of lameass bigots and losers. Why waste my time?   `	1
Why is an archaic definition, ending with blatant anti-Catholic bigotry, in the Wikipedia?	0
:No clue.  	1
`:With the current version there are problems with Arizona and Texas (at least with NS 7, W98, and ``classic`` skin - seems ``nowrap`` fails to have any effect).  Also note that with this version most entries fit in the left half of the horizontal space.  In some sense (perhaps only theoretically) I think this means the table at its current width is roughly twice as long as it could be.  I don't think we're going to shrink the US map to reduce the width of the table to less than 300px, so I'd prefer we reformatted some things to use more of the available width.  We should at least redistribute the white space so everything isn't piled up in the left half of the table.   `	1
`==Red Ensign==Hello Bellman,I really like the Australian and New Zealand Flags alot.   Their respectively National Flags (Blue Ensigns) are both elagant and beautiful designs (in my POV).  I also love their Red Ensign counterparts,Australia Red Ensign(Merchant Ensign of the Navy)http://flagspot.net/images/a/au-red.gifNew Zealand Red Ensign (Merchant Ensign of the Navy)http://flagspot.net/images/n/nz_civil.gifProposed 1964 Canadian Red Ensign (Possible new National Flag)http://scaa.usask.ca/gallery/flagdisplay/images/web/panel13-3.jpg I really love this ``Star Constillation`` theme.  The Australia and New Zealand Red Ensigns have the Southern Cross, and in kinship the (proposed) Canadian Red Ensign has Big Dipper.I sincerely hope that the Red Ensign page will become unlocked someday, and your contributions Bellman, would be a true pleasure to read.Sincerely,ArmChairVexillologistDon`	0
`== Facts and editorials ==Although this article has been improved, there are still some ``editorials`` (ie. unsubstantiated opinions) under:* Aftermath, and* Impact on the games.I'll be replacing these (obviously biased) editorials with facts and more info, the readers should draw their own conclusions.Post any objections to my edits here. Thanks.  20:45, 2004 Dec 13 (UTC)`	0
`== Additional copyright-tag required for  ==Hi nixie,You asked me to provide the appropriate copyright-tag for . I'd be happy to oblige. Note however:* You asked it twice, I think as a result of the old version of this file still lingering about (I uploaded it twice, the first version being deprecated)?* It's a zipped music file (in fact the zip file contains two MIDI-versions of the music, plus a text file that contains some explanation and a copyright notice) - not an image.* Now the difficult part: the music by Erik Satie contained in the ZIP-file is public domain in the USA. It is not in the public domain in France. This was confirmed to me by the archives Erik Satie from Paris. So I'd need a tag like  - could that be provided, and added to Wikipedia:Image copyright tags?* Note that apart from Erik Satie's music itself, the MIDI-files also contain my work to digitise that music. I'm clear about wanting that work to be copylefted. In fact I proposed GPL (as MIDI is some sort of binary code that can be turned into human-readable source code by the editor I indicated in the copyright notice). Is there a ``GPL`` tag somewhere? Or is it discouraged to publish GPL-ed works in Wikipedia?Thanks for your effort! `	0
You what? I can't build a consensus by chiding people who have different views from my own that they ought to show respect for others' views? I should build it by entirely disregarding their views? Jeez, man, I thought I was working on a wiki. Looks like I wandered into something completely different from that. : You feel that others are disregarding minority views.  I'm sorry that you feel that way.  Look at the comment I wrote when I reverted Anthony Dipietro's deletion of the picture.  Does it look like I'm disregarding the views of others?  Here is what I wrote. Anthony, I think it looks as if you may be attempting to revive the reversion war over the picture.  Nevertheless I'm open to persuasion if you can justify the removal of the picture.  I've reverted your edit for now because of an inadequate explanation, but would not revert a second time on this occasion. |]] ::A lot of others are disregarding minority views.  Just look at the poll.   	1
== Parentage and children ==I see this was discussed above, but I wanted to try to get rid of that green, yellow and purple table. It could at least use some nicer colours ) I made a much simpler list, if that's acceptable...the previous table is still there, stuck into an HTML comment, so it can be easily reverted.  	0
Hmmm... I see your point about relevance. Not sure if the data your showing here can be usefully integrated in to this article though... the 17.7 score was per a-level candidate, not University applicant, and useing the Oxford figures might sugest that Oxford is considered somesort of benchmark to aspire to (a sugestion that I, as a Bristol graduate, would disagree with!) 	0
Is it indeed similar to the Nolan Chart?  The only similarity I see is that they are both two dimensional.	0
* Keep.  	0
* Keep.  	0
* Keep.  	0
I hear that eventually they'll be available again? In that case, I'll comment it back inwhen they become available again, it'll appear.  	0
==Emilia==Do you find more information about this Swedish diva? If you do so, help complete this article!  	0
`==Date format==:I don't know who told you that day/month/year is new to the British. Your source must have confused it with somewhere else. The British have used day/month/year for centuries. For example, here is an old document from England: 1707 and you can read for yourself the style of dating within it.No ... ``the 22nd of July 1707`` is not an example of the sort of day/month/year form I was writing about (i.e., as you know, the one that someone added to the article about Queen Victoria.  :There is a date in the last paragraph of this item signed by William Shakespeare in 1616.No, those dates are in Latin, not English.  :Another document from even earlier has its date in its section 63: 1215.No again.  ``fifteenth day of June`` is not an example of the sort of day/month/year format in the Queen Victoria article that is what this discussion is about. :You get the idea,The idea I get is that none of the examples you've cited are valid! :and can easily find more if you are interested, on the web or in your university library.:One can find an occasional example in England of month/day/year,Not just ``occasional``!!  It was the prevailing system in England until recently, as you can see by looking at old books.  `	0
`Odd indeed - Google throws up several hundred thousand pages bothe for ``Arabic Gulf`` and ``Arabian Gulf``, but only the latter appears to attract much anger. How odd!  `	0
== Add Ma On Shan (KCRC) as the featured article ==I want to add Ma On Shan (KCRC) as the featured article on December 21, 2004. Would you accept my request?  	0
`==POV?==Some of this seems a bit POV, especially the paragraph that begins, ``In March 1990...`` The person who wrote this is obviously trying to be even-handed, but on delicate matters like this, it would probably be better to cite conflicting view from responsible sources.   |  `	0
== Gold mining ==Excellent article on Gold mining... technical and concise but still accessible.   	0
` ==death to critics==So instead of  'every' earlier, now you are giving isolated cases, such as Theo van Gogh, Vincent van Gogh, Rashad Khalifa, and Irshad Manji who received death threats or were killed by anonymous unknown radicals.  What happened to every claim? Anyway, to prove your case that Islam sanctions death sentence to its critics, you can't just post the names of isolated cases where people received death threats from anonymous radicals! You need to post the names of prominent Islamic scholars and universities such as Al Azhar (not isolated radicals) who issued the death sentence against these people. The fatwa  against Rushdie was rejected by Al Azhar and all countries except Iran. So all you need to do is post Islamic sites (not anti-Islamic sites and isolated radical sites) who issued the death sentence against Menji, Rashad Khalifa, Theo van Gogh, etc. Bring your proof. Just throwing the names of isolated cases where someone received death threats from isolated anonymous radical doesn't prove Islam sanctions death sentence to it's critics! After 9/11, many Muslims and mosques received threats and some Muslims/Sikhs were even killed. That doesn't mean the US sanctions death to all American Muslims.  You are such a pathetic joke, dude!  Posting isolated cases where people received death threats from anonymous radicals doesn't prove a thing. We don't even know for sure who killed Rashad. You added even his name. You need to post the names of Muslim scholars who issues death sentence against, say, Rashad, Vincent van Gogg, and Menji. Then you need to post evidence that this was consensus among Muslim scholars on each of these cases.  Without that, you don't have any case, and you are refuted once again  : ``Anyway, to prove your case that Islam sanctions death sentence to its critics, you can't just post the names of isolated cases where people received death threats from anonymous radicals!  You need to post the names of prominent Islamic scholars and universities such as Al Azhar (not isolated radicals) who issued the death sentence against these people. The fatwa  against Rushdie was rejected by Al Azhar and all countries`` <- these anonymous radicals represent the sentiments felt by their factions in ISlam -they represent their interpretation of Islam. I also provided examples of critics who were murdered by MUHAMMAD himself. Al-Azhar is not a higher authority than Muhammad.::No, you have only provided two stories in Ibn Ishaq about Muhammad that are rejected by Muslims, such as rejected here.  Al Azhar and Muslim scholars will interpret what Muhammad did and what Islamic law says, not an anti-Islamic bigot like you. You made a bold claim that in Islam critics are to be to be killed. I refuted that by giving examples that contradict that. You then claimed that every critic received a death sentence. You were refuted again. You then posted a list of isolated critics such as Rushdie, Menji, Rashad Khalifa, Theo van Gogh, etc, who received death threats from anonymous radicals. That's like posting (a much longer list) of Muslims/Sikhs who received death threats or were killed after 9/11, and claiming that American law allows Muslims to be killed. You were refuted again.  You need to provide names of prominent well known Muslim scholars (not anti-Islam sites or isolated radicals) for each of these cases and prove that they issued the death sentence. After that, you need to provide proof that that judgement was a consensus among Muslims scholars. You didn't do that. You were refuted once again. Since you are an anti-Islamic bigot, you can't just claim that Muhammad did this or that or Islamic law says this or that and expect that claim to be inserted in Encyclopedia. You need to provide proof. You couldn't because you were wrong. Try again, dude. You have failed quite miserably here  :Furthermore, whe opinons of secular governments are irrelevant - of course Musilm countries rejected the death fatwa against Rushdie, but this was due to international politics, not due to religion. Also, as stated before, Ayatollah Khomenie was a Shiah CLERIC. The only way to be an Ayatollah is to be born as one. Aside from being the dictator or IRan, Khomenie was also the spiritial and religious leader of huge numbers of Sha'ias around the world. Khomenie wrote many fatwas and books about Islam. His most famous fatwa, of course, calls for the murder of Salman Rushdie. Now Al-Azhar - a SUNNI university  SUPPOSEDLY rejected KHomenei's teachings. This does not mean by any means prove that Al-Azhar was right, and Khomenie was wrong. The fact that KHomenie was a shiah cleric, while Al-Azhar is a sunni university is also a  gaping hole in this argument. You have no ev	1
`== OneGuy's vanadalism of the discussion page ==Aside from OneGuy deleting other user's comments, he has now begun to blatently disorganize and effectively vanadalize people's comments: he distrupting the flow of users' comments by arbitrarily cutting off paragraphs and inserting his comments in between, instead of being civil and adding his reply to the end of a given post. Combined with his ceasless personal attacks, false accusations, and insistance on making wikipedia a propoganda machine for Islamist apologetics of the blackest kind, his behaviour has become completely intolerable, and I do not see any point in constantly refuting the same false accusations and false assertions over and over again. OneGuy must be ejected from this discussion before it can have any hope of being a civiled and productive debate. I am left with no choice but to completely resign from this discussion, since it seems that no one is going to be moderating OneGuy's behaviour anytime soon.  Pename::What's ironic is that OneGuy claims he is not a muslim and therefore can not be considered an Islamic apologist!  In fact, most of the Muhammad/Islam apologists here claim to not be Muslim!  Looks like Muhammad's best friends are the infidels.  ::As of moderating OneGuy's behavior, the Arbitrators are looking into him and myself after he filed a hypocritical arbitration request against me and I thus filed a countercomplaint against OneGuy.  Whenever OneGuy spots someone who doesn't agree with his radical apologistic viewpoint he tries to silence them by any means at his disposal.  OneGuy, in his complaint in arbitration, accused me of rivert(sic) wars and having POV in my contributions yet he does the exact same thing, only more so.  In the arbitration complaint, the arbitrators don't seem as concerned about the POV contributions as they do about personal attacks, revert wars and my vandalism of his user page. See Wikipedia:Requests_for_arbitration/168.209.97.34.  When OneGuy was giving evidence against me he incorrectly called a few minor word changes as a revert war (even though the change were only made once or twice) and he clearly left out the revert wars in which he was involved (but the arbitrators were not fooled - they found him out).::Since the arbitrators will probably not do anything about his radical apologistic contributions, they will most likely respond to his vandalism of the talk pages.  Feel free to post your complaints regarding OneGuy on Wikipedia:Requests_for_arbitration/168.209.97.34/Evidence.    : Since when replying on talk page has become vandalism? Only one time I deleted Pename comments when he cut and pasted his comments that were already on the page on top of my response in a new section that I created (``death to critics``). Pename has ignored what we are discussing and is resorting to personal insults and false accusations (in violation of wiki policy) that I vandalized the talk page. He now claims that he did not copy the verse from anti-Islamic site. If true, where did he find the interpretation that 8:67 means kill prisoners of war? He implied that interpretation in the article. At worst, the verse condemns the behavior of taking prisoners in order to make money, but he has not given his source that says 8:67 means kill prisoners. Instead of answering where he found that interpretation (if not anti-Islamic site), Pename is resorting to personal insults and outright lies that I vandalized the talk page  == Abuse ==Due warning: every time our anonymous friend makes a personal attack, I'm removing it. See Wikipedia:no personal attacks, also see Wikipedia:Remove personal attacks. I've had quite enough of their abuse. To the anonymous user, please start showing a more mature response when replying to comments or arguing your case. -   (modified  ):Huh? What'd I do? anon::Nothing. I was talking about another anon. -  Oh, incidently, if the anon removes this comment again they get blocked. -  : Apparently ``Ta bu shi da yu`` believes that if he refers to people as ``immature`` he is not engaging in personal attacks. But if someone calls him a religious appologist, he believes that he can use this as an excuse to delete a page worth of content. This is a clear double standard. Since he has decided to start deleting user comments from the discussion page on such basis, I am deleting ``Ta bu shi da yu``'s comment on the basis of personal attacks. He will not be able to ke	1
== Example Language? ==Could someone please clarify which of the celtic languages is used for the examples?  	1
`== Article Licensing ==Hi, I've  to get users to multi-license all of their contributions that they've made to either (1) all U.S. state, county, and city articles or (2) all articles, using the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike  (CC-by-sa) v1.0 and v2.0 Licenses or into the public domain if they prefer.  The CC-by-sa license is a true free documentation license that is similar to Wikipedia's license, the GFDL, but it allows other projects, such as WikiTravel, to use our articles.  Since you are among the top 1000 Wikipedians by edits, I was wondering if you would be willing to multi-license all of your contributions or at minimum those on the geographic articles.  Over 90% of people asked have agreed.  For More Information:* - Lots of questions answered*Multi-Licensing Guide*To allow us to track those users who muli-license their contributions, many users copy and paste the ``{{DualLicenseWithCC-BySA-Dual}}`` template into their user page, but there are other options at Template messages/User namespace.  The following examples could also copied and pasted into your user page::Option 1:I agree to [[Wikipedia:Multi-licensing|multi-license]] all my contributions, with the exception of my user pages, as described below::{{DualLicenseWithCC-BySA-Dual}}OR:Option 2:I agree to [[Wikipedia:Multi-licensing|multi-license]] all my contributions to any [[U.S. state]], county, or city article as described below::{{DualLicenseWithCC-BySA-Dual}}Or if you wanted to place your work into the public domain, you could replace ``{{DualLicenseWithCC-BySA-Dual}}`` with ``{{MultiLicensePD}}``.  If you only prefer using the GFDL, I would like to know that too.  Please let me know what you think at my ''''''.  It's important to know either way so no one keeps asking.    (comment) [[]] `	0
:Facts matter a great deal to encyclopedias and scholars meticulous about dates, quotes and other minor historical details.  There are even ways to check facts, unlike opinions, assumptions and interpretations.   	0
`:I oppose this proposal. It is convention here that we use the most common name of a person or thing. Someone looking up ``bikini`` is almost certainly looking for the swimming suit, and to receive an article designed ``out of respect for the Bikini people to [ensure they are] represented fairly on Wikipedia`` would be annoying.  In common usage, the word ``bikini`` with no modifiers refers to the swimming suit. The (former) island has its article at Bikini Atoll. Consider the lone word ``Washington.``  The only thing called simply ``Washington`` is the state, so its article goes there. Everything else has a natural disambiguator attached (not a parenthetical phrase no one ever uses outside Wikipedia). The city is Washington, DC, the person is George Washington, the obelisk is the Washington Monument, and so on. And by the bye, why the ``half-naked`` and ``developed nations`` pejoritives? Is there an agenda here we should be unaware of? ]] `	1
`:: First victim of what? Biri's death is not part of the al-Aqsa Intifada because the intifada started after his death - after Ariel Sharon's visit to the al-Aqsa site. You see, that's how it got the name ``al-Aqsa``. The Israeli government propaganda repeated at the websites you list claims that the Palestinians started the al-Aqsa intifada before Sharon even visited the al-Aqsa site. Even the ``Palestine Facts`` source you cite and the objective Mitchell report point to Sharon's visit as the trigger for the al-Aqsa intifada. Of course there is constant violence in the area so anyone can name his own start date. We can go back to 1948 or 1917 if you want. It does no service to Wikipedia to throw Israeli government propaganda into the article. ( I am sure that won't stop you though).    ::*``Also on September 28, 2000, Ariel Sharon visited the Temple Mount in Jerusalem. This visit became the pretext for instigating large scale demonstrations, the start of the al-Aqsa infifada.``  ::*``On September 28, 2000, Ariel Sharon marched defiantly and provocatively through the Al Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem, touching off the current round of violence. ``   ::The Mitchell Report:::*``Mr. Sharon made the visit on September 28 accompanied by over 1,000 Israeli police officers. Although Israelis viewed the visit in an internal political context, Palestinians saw it as highly provocative to them. On the following day, in the same place, a large number of unarmed Palestinian demonstrators and a large Israeli police contingent confronted each other. According to the U.S. Department of State, ``Palestinians held large demonstrations and threw stones at police in the vicinity of the Western Wall. Police used rubber-coated metal bullets and live ammunition to disperse the demonstrators, killing 4 persons and injuring about 200.``[4] According to the GOI, 14 Israeli policemen were injured.[5] Similar demonstrations took place over the following several days.[6] Thus began what has become known as the ``Al-Aqsa Intifada`` (Al-Aqsa being a mosque at the Haram al-Sharif/Temple Mount). ``  ::Furthermore, in the article Terrorism_against_Israel_in_2000#August, it says Biri died in August after being attacked by ``terrorists``. (If Biri was an Israeli soldier in occupied Gaza, why are his attackers called ``terrorists`` in Wikipedia?). You need to sort out your Israeli propaganda to at least get the dates and descriptors right. ::``* August 27: Terrorists attack a group of vehicles traveling to Netzarim with two roadside bombs and automatic gunfire.  David Biri, age 19, is wounded.::* August 28: David Biri dies of wounds suffered in a Palestinian terrorist attack the previous day.::* September 29: Border policeman Chief Inspector Yossi Tabaji, 27, of Ramle, killed and a second Israeli border policeman wounded by a Palestinian Authority policeman on a joint patrol near Kalkiliya District Coordinating Office. ``::Yossi Tabaji and several unnamed Palestinian youth were also killed in the days before the ``official start`` of the al-Aqsa intifada because there are constant killings almost every day in the conflict. The al-Aqsa intifada is an upsurge in the violence that started after Sharon's visit to the al-Aqsa site. That is the commonly understood definition of al-Aqsa intifada. Adding stories about Israeli deaths that happened the day before is just Israeli government propaganda to deflect blame away from Ariel Sharon.  `	1
`::::You are copying one-sided (Israeli) material from Palestine Facts and Jewish Virtual Library  ``Soon after he left, outbreaks of stone throwing occured on the Temple Mount and in the vicinity, leaving 28 Israeli policemen injured, three of whom were hospitalized; no Palestinians were injured in these incidents.`` Other sources paint a completely different picture: ``On September 29, the Israeli army increased its presence in Jerusalem and began intimidating the Palestinians. When the Muslims attempt to enter al-Aqsa for prayers they were barred and later Israeli forces opened fire at the civilian demonstrators, including children, killing 6 and wounding 220. In the first few days of the Intifada, the IDF fired about 700,000 bullets in the West Bank, and 300,000 in Gaza. In the first six days of the Intifada, 61 Palestinians were killed by Israeli forces and 2,657 were injured, many of them children. At the same time four Israelis were killed, with 35 wounded.`` . Why are the names of Israeli soldiers like David Biri and Yossi Tabaji more important than the names of the numerous Arab civilian victims? This is a subtle form of racism where one side is humanized with names and the other is dehumanized as a faceless number of casualties.   `	1
`:::::::It's just presenting a one-sided Israeli perspective to write, ``outbreaks of stone throwing occured on the Temple Mount and in the vicinity, leaving 28 Israeli policemen injured, three of whom were hospitalized; no Palestinians were injured in these incidents`` while ignoring ``Israeli forces opened fire at the civilian demonstrators, including children, killing 6 and wounding 220. In the first few days of the Intifada, the IDF fired about 700,000 bullets in the West Bank, and 300,000 in Gaza. In the first six days of the Intifada, 61 Palestinians were killed by Israeli forces and 2,657 were injured, many of them children. At the same time four Israelis were killed, with 35 wounded.``  `	0
Ok, it's now pretty clear most of this should go in laser science. I'll do so after clarifiying a few more points.	0
`== More Lies ==``though proponents do point to the rapid decrease of the Christian Palestinian population (along with those of most Christian Arabs) as, at least in part, outcomes of Muslim hostility to non-Muslims.`` This is because of Muslim hostility to Christians? Or is it due to jews hostility to Palestinians? Christians can move to America or Europe but Muslims must stay and fight for justice against the Jew.  `	0
`::Of course, apologies.*Eclipse-class_Star_Destroyer*Eclipse_Star_DestroyerI would say let's clean up the one, since only two existed there's really no need in having a page for the ``class`` and a page for the ``ship``. Clutter, IMO.`	0
:Noticing that the page is still listed at VfD, I've contacted an administrator, suggesting that he should tot up the votes as soon as possible, declare the page saved, and move on. (Of course I know how to remove this material myself, but guess that I shouldn't do so.   04:42, 2004 Dec 20 (UTC)	0
`:I tried to give a better description of the ``soma``. I'd rather say ``neuronal cell body``. It is rather disorienting when you follow the link for soma from the neuron page.  `	0
== Pictured Needed ==What do these people look like? There should be a picture.	0
== You have never met or been photographed with Keith Wigdor. ==Whoever you are, I am asking you to not interfere with the article about Keith Wigdor.  You have no resources or connections to him (unless you are somehow being deceptive), so really you are not any sort of expert on this artist.   	0
`:Look at the way they hog these articles as if they own them! They delete everything that comes from editors not in their ``in-group`` on sight then demand that ``outsiders`` meet their terms before they will agree to edit it back in for us. Jimbo would be rolling over in his grave - if he was dead yet.  `	1
`[``Do not make personal attacks anywhere in Wikipedia. Comment on content, not on the contributor. Personal attacks damage the community and deter users. Nobody likes abuse.  Many Wikipedians remove personal attacks on sight. Users have been blocked or banned for repeatedly engaging in them. Abusive edit summaries are particularly ill-regarded.`` (Wikipedia:No_personal_attacks)``Avoid profanity (words or images that could be considered offensive by typical Wikipedia readers)`` (Wikipedia:Profanity)]`	0
*Keep.  All car models are notable in their own way. Well done norm.  	0
:::Do you miss Viriditas/Nasrallah that much already?  	1
Some of your sanitizing edits deleted important information about the etymological roots of these slurs, such as shyster's origin in Shakespeare's Shylock in Merchant of Venice, so I returned some of the edits to their original state.  	1
::Which ones? Most are here , many, like shyster, are also well documented elsewhere.  	0
Yes, complain to your rabbi and then go shoot some more defenseless Arabs to take out your frustration.   	1
`:It's so easy you could do it yourself if you weren't just interested in harassment.: ``Some etymologists believe ``shyster`` is a derivative of Shakespeares character Shylock in The Merchant of Venice, used to describe a devious, scheming person of Jewish background who will try any scam in the book to make a buck. In 1895, Funks Standard Dictionary defined a shyster as ``a lawyer who practices in an unprofessional or tricky manner; especially one who haunts the prisons and lower courts to prey on petty criminals.`` In Shakespeares play, other characters call Shylock a ``currish Jew`` whose ``desires are wolvish, bloody, starved, and ravenous``; he is accused of being ``the devil  in the likeness of a Jew.`` ``  `	1
:::How long have editors been putting up with the abuse and racist Zionist POV biases of you, Viriditas, Jayjg, Jewbacca, Humus sapiens, IZAK, Lance6Wins, Yoshiah, MathKnight, Gamaliel, Evolver of Borg, Jfdwolff, etc etc etc?  	1
` (UTC)****Would you mind showing what ``reason`` was involved in your pronouncement? Are you in fact suggesting that this encyclopaedia should contain any and all photos or are you not? If I place the goatse photo in its article, will you support me in that? If not, why not? 22:21, 22 Dec 2004`	0
`:I already gave you the source for all my edits   The Slur database, so I will not continue to play your little game. If you weren't so lazy and intent on harassment, you could use Google to search for ``Gargamel`` and ``Jew``. You get more than 400 hits including white supremacist sites and an academic paper dating to 1996. It's obviously a real slur with some usage. Nice try at being obdurate though. I'm sure there's a slur that describes that characteristic. Shyster doesn't quite cover it.  `	1
`::I am not Goldberg and you can't prove otherwise because it is not true. I was blocked because MathKnight went whining about ``anti-semitism incitement`` based on my User page and some admin apparently believed him. Now the not rake blames me for personal attacks. Prove it. Where? This is just typical of those who gang up on their enemies without justification or evidence. Thankfully TBSDY is on the ball and not so easily fooled. I have violated no policy and I should receive some warning and description of the policy if I am. Just having some whiney Israeli complaining about anti-semitism shouldn't suffice to block users. Selective enforcement of etiquette to silence editors is bias and censorship. Where is the policy, where is the evidence of violation? Where is the accountability?  `	1
`: 1. ``Do not make personal attacks anywhere in Wikipedia. Comment on content, not on the contributor. Personal attacks damage the community and deter users. Nobody likes abuse.  Many Wikipedians remove personal attacks on sight. Users have been blocked or banned for repeatedly engaging in them. Abusive edit summaries are particularly ill-regarded.`` (Wikipedia:No_personal_attacks). Edit your post or it will be deleted. : 2. The Encarta Encylopedia article is short because you are using the Online FREE version of it. : 3. There are many different Islamic websites with different points of view about Jihad. You have put 4 ``Islamic website`` links and all of them are from one POV, namely IslamOnline.  Pename`	1
.com  All parts of the article are supposed to be NPOV	0
, yet you are unable to even make an NPOV list of external links	1
==  block? ==Probable sockpuppet  has violated the three revert rule while vandalizing my User page (). Am I allowed to revert my own User page more than three times?  	1
   They are often described as Socialist, which was my point. There is no point in having an encyclopedia entry that would only make sense to a political scientist and, given the more common usages of the terms, be positively misleading to anyone else.	0
In accordance with Wikipedia:WikiProject_Drugs naming policy, I propose we move this page to the INN clobetasol. If you have any concern with this proposal, please discuss it on this page.  	0
The article is true, the Israeli policies are killing Arab children.   	1
`Wikipedia:Talk_pageOn Wikipedia, the purpose of a talk page is to help to improve the contents of the main page, from an encyclopedic point of view. Questions, challenges, excised text (due to truly egregious confusion or bias, for example), arguments relevant to changing the text, and commentary on the main page are all fair play. Wikipedia is not a soapbox, it's an encyclopedia. In other words, talk about the article, not about the subject.TAB_TOKENArchive rather than delete: When a talk page's content has become extremely large or the discussion of the issue in hand has simply died down and no one has a reasonable chance of adding to it. Then create a new page. Wikipedia:What_Wikipedia_is_not Wikipedia is not a theater of war. Every user is expected to interact with others civilly, calmly, and in a spirit of cooperation. Do not insult, harass or intimidate those with whom you have a disagreement. Rather, approach the matter in an intelligent manner, and engage in polite discussion.`` (Wikipedia is not) Propaganda or advocacy of any kind. But of course an article can report objectively about such things, as long as an attempt is made to approach a neutral point of view.UNICEF said today it is deeply concerned about the impact on children of the ongoing military operation in the Gaza Strip, particularly a missile strike Wednesday that claimed the lives of at least 10 Palestinians, many of them children. UNICEF calls on the State of Israel to abide by its obligations to the Convention on the Rights of the Child by protecting children from direct exposure to violence, and providing those who have lost their homes with alternative housing, Bassiouni said. ``The injudicious use of force where children are present can only bring about the deaths of innocent youngsters.  We urge the Israeli authorities to reconsider the impact these incursions are having on Palestinian children.``  `	0
:I added picture of 1 Israelis killed baby to article from.  	1
Hello and welcome to Wikipedia! Hope you like it here, and stick around.Here are some tips to help you get started:*To sign your posts (on talk pages, for example) use the '~' symbol. To insert just your name, type ~~~ (3 tildes), or, to insert your name and timestamp, use ~~~~ (4 tildes).* Try the Tutorial, and feel free to experiment in the test area.* If you need help, post a question at the Help Desk* Eventually, you might want to read the Manual of Style and Policies and Guidelines.*Remember Wikipedia:Neutral point of view* Explore, be bold in editing pages, and, most importantly, have fun!Good luck! ]] 	0
alone, though - thanks - JL	0
::Some people do not like pictures of Palestinian children killed by Jews but they do not say why? They want to hide the pictures from Wikipedia readers. Is there a good reason?  	1
== NLP ==Thanks for asking me.  I have replied at Talk:Neuro-linguistic_programming (and at Wikipedia talk:External_links/temp#Against).  14:32, 2004 Dec 26 (UTC)	0
I added a Difficult Labels section to start us off.  It is really quick and dirty but I think it provides a good start for us to work off of.   	0
`I don't believe that ``The Family International`` formerly known as ``The Family``, ``Family of Love``, Children of God and many front names internationally, should be called a ``cult`` and here is why. I love ``cult`` classic movies and sometimes when one refers to a ``cult`` following it is nothing more than a fan club. Now if it were called a ``Highly Destructive Cult`` or something more specific I could heartily agree having been exploited in the group in my youth and seen it leading towards gross abuse and negligence of second generation children. I don't think movie stars or famous people would throw their support behind a group that clearly has advocated pedophilia right from the top (David Brandt Berg) or things like the ``LJR`` instituted under Zerby and co. Neither do I put any stock in hired guns or ``experts`` that defend ``The Family`` or whatever they may be calling themselves at any given time because in any profession there are people that would defend Jeffrey Dahmer or NAMBLA followers if paid enough or given enough favors or noteriety. So I would call it an ``HDC`` and that is MILD.`	0
i am using the sandbox, ass wipe	1
== GOD DAMN ==GOD DAMN it fuckers, i am using the GOD DAMN sand box	1
GOD DAMN GOD DAMN GOD DAMN GOD DAMN GOD DAMN GOD DAMN GOD DAMN GOD DAMN GOD DAMN GOD DAMN	1
I redirected it to the album, hopefully this will prevent anyone else making the same mistake as you. Feel free to revert if you disagree.  	0
  If you are aware that it is a personal attack, then why are you re-inserting the offending personal attacks, and suggesting that they are not REALLY personal attacks?	1
`::::::: 1. You do not have to read through dozens of pages of comments. You merely have to read the phrase ``anti-Islamic cut and past [sic] troll`` and use the process of rational thought to come to the logical conclusion that this constitutes a personal attack, and that personal attacks are in direct violation of wikipedia policy and can be deleted on sight. Please answer the very simple question: Is the phrase ``anti-Islamic cut and past [sic] troll`` a personal attack or is  it not a personal attack?  ::::::: 2. What does Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/168.209.97.34 have anything to do with any of this? Pename`	1
`::::::::: I am not user 168.209.97.34. On what basis are you acusing me of being that user? Please answer the very simple question: Is the phrase ``anti-Islamic cut and past [sic] troll`` a personal attack or is  it not a personal attack?  Do you deem this to be acceptable language on Wikipedia? Pename`	1
`== ``During her stay she communicated with Danny ... During her stay she communicated with Danny`` ==Looks like we have a repeating paragraph about ``Danny`` in all the confuson. Furthermore, it is interesting to see how this NPOV paragraph is subtly morphing into a more POV version in just a few hours:``Through February and March, according to ISM activists and e-mails Corrie sent to her family, she participated in a variety of actions, including protesting Israeli army demolitions of Palestinian homes by acting as a human shield; placing herself between Palestinian civilians and Israeli troops; protecting Palestinian wells from the Israeli army; criticizing the Bush administration for alleged complicity in the conflict; and demonstrating against the 2003 invasion of Iraq, where she burned a paper-drawn U.S. flag.````Through February and March, according to ISM activists and e-mails Corrie sent to her family, she participated in a variety of actions, including protesting Israeli army demolitions of Palestinian homes in the militant stronghold of Rafah, by acting as a human shield; placing herself between Palestinians (missing civilians) and Israeli troops; protecting wells from the Israeli army; (missing criticizing the Bush administration for alleged complicity in the conflict; and demonstrating against the 2003 invasion of Iraq, where she burned a paper flag) and burning a paper U.S. flag during a demonstration. ``  `	0
== I feel your pain ==It is very frustrating. I don't know believe there will ever be a solution. It is an ancient legacy.  	1
::Yes, that's good, but a stronger effort at NPOVing this article would be welcome.  	0
`== Introduction has been horribly POVed ==And that's just the beginning of a concerted effort that has badly slanted the entire article. I've been reviewing the history of the introduction and would like you to see how badly it has been degrading. It's really discouraging to see how this honorable woman's memory is being disgraced. I really would rather not be a part of it anymore so please feel free to carry on.    *The day after she was killed this was the full article:``Rachel Corrie (? - March 16, 2003), an American college student, was a member of the International Solidarity Movement protesting Israeli action in the Israel-Palestinian conflict. She was killed by an Israeli bulldozer in Rafah, Gaza. While speaking via a loudspeaker and wearing a red coat, in front of a physician's home which the Israelis intended to bulldoze, Corrie fell down. A bulldozer then ran over her twice. Later, as a group of people gathered, a man was shot and killed by the Israel Defence Forces. Corrie was a senior at Evergreen State College in Olympia, Washington.``*A week after she was killed:``Rachel Corrie (1979 - March 16, 2003) was an American peace activist who was crushed to death while attempting to block an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) bulldozer in a Gaza Strip refugee camp.Corrie grew up in Olympia, Washington, and graduated from Capital High School. She had been a senior at the Evergreen State College in Olympia, where she studied the arts and international relations. She took a leave of absence to participate in resistance against the IDF as a member of the Palestinian-led International Solidarity Movement (ISM). In her home town, she was known in the local peace movement and an active member of the Olympia Movement for Justice and Peace.Friends describe Corrie as athletically slender with blond hair and thoughtful, intelligent eyes. She played soccer, gardened and loved the poems of Pablo Neruda. She was the daughter of Craig Corrie, an insurance executive, and Cindy Corrie, a school volunteer and flutist.``*April 2003:``Rachel Corrie (1979 - March 16, 2003) was an American peace activist who was crushed to death during the Al-Aqsa Intifada, while attempting to block an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) bulldozer in a Gaza Strip refugee camp.*From December, 2003:``Rachel Corrie (April 10, 1979 - March 16, 2003) was an American activist who was crushed to death when protesting Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip.As a member of the International Solidarity Movement (ISM), she traveled to Rafah during the Al-Aqsa Intifada and tried to block an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Caterpillar D9 bulldozer. She was fatally wounded during this incident.``*From April 2004:Rachel Corrie (April 10, 1979 - March 16, 2003) was a member of the International Solidarity Movement (ISM) who traveled to Rafah in the Gaza Strip during the Al-Aqsa Intifada. While protesting the Israeli occupation, she was was fatally wounded when she tried to block an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Caterpillar D9 bulldozer.Her death sparked controversy, with various advocates scrambling to blame it on the IDF, the ISM, ``Palestinian terror``, and on Corrie herself.*From October 2004:``Rachel Corrie (April 10, 1979 - March 16, 2003 was a member of the International Solidarity Movement (ISM) who was run over and killed by an Israeli soldier operated bulldozer while she was protesting Israeli demolitions of Palestinian homes in Rafah in the Gaza Strip.Her death sparked controversy because she was a peaceful protester and a U.S. citizen, yet the U.S. did not conduct or even demand an official investigation and Israel has not held anyone responsible for her death.``*Yesterday:``Rachel Corrie (April 10, 1979March 16, 2003) was a member of the International Solidarity Movement (ISM) who was killed when she confronted an Israeli soldier-operated bulldozer while protesting Israeli demolitions of Palestinian homes in Rafah in the Gaza Strip.     Her death sparked controversy, in part because she was the first Western protester and U.S. citizen to be killed in the Arab-Israeli conflict, and in part because of the highly politicized nature of the conflict itself. Advocates 	1
`Is there a ``no observed adverse effects level`` (NOAEL) established for omega-3?   `	0
==WT:AN==Actually, I was fairly careful (when I sorted out stuff on WP:AN just after it was set up) to make sure things were in the right context, and I think your comment was in the right place, with all similar comments. However, since you originally posted it on TBSYD's Talk: page (before he moved the entire lot to WP:AN), you have every right to delete it from WT:AN; I just wanted to reply to your (unknowing -) comment on my sorting-out.   	0
`Hi - I saw your footnote proposal, and I'm guessing that making sure thatpeople cite their sources is important to you.  Please take a look atWikipedia:Village pump (proposals) at my proposal,``Remind people to cite sources while editing``, and if you like it,please put in a good word for it.  Thanks!   03:02, 2004 Dec 22 (UTC)`	0
`It's worth noting somewhere that the term ``sustainable`` or ``sustainability`` is heavily deprecated among Greens and especially Gaians for implying some kind of steady-state output.In other words, ecological yields vary, and can be maximized but will still vary considerably with weather patterns, insect migration paths, and etc... they can't be made as uniform as outputs of a factory - which almost seems to be the goal of ``sustainability``.Also, to say something is ``sustainable`` or ``not`` implies that there is some actual test for it.  Which there isn't.  It's all a matter of scenarios and guesses.The ``Limits to Growth`` type of numerical modelling, largely discredited now, was the actual origin of the ``sustainable`` paradigm.Today ecologists are far more concerned with homeostasis, keystone species, and homeorhetic process, none of which benefit much from external measures of ``sustainability``.Complex problem.  Don't pretend to have an answer or a clear altnerative term.`	1
`old sections), and putting it all in ``Archive 3.```	0
`:  If your edit history is any indicator, by ``condense`` you mean destroy information without discussion or just reason, in order to make the article conform with a radically apologetic POV. Just now you have declared your intentions to remove any quotions from the works of any Muslim religious scholars, so-called ``sheiks.`` Your justification? That the entry on Jihad in Microsofts Encarta's free online edition does contain ``citations from sheiks.`` It's an outrage that you are able to do such things on the wikipedia project. Pename: `	1
`: '''LAST WARNING``Due warning: every time our anonymous friend makes a personal attack, I'm removing it. See Wikipedia:no personal attacks, also see Wikipedia:Remove personal attacks. I've had quite enough of their abuse. To the anonymous user, please start showing a more mature response when replying to comments or arguing your case. -   (modified  )`` < WIKIPEDIA POLICIES DO NOT ONLY APPLY TO ANONYMOUS USERS, THEY APPLY TO _ALL_ USERS, INCLUDING ONEGUY. ANYONE WHO ENGAGES IN PERSONAL ATTACKS IS LIABLE TO HAVE HIS OR HER COMMENTS DELETED, AND THAT INCLUDES ONEGUY.  Pename`	1
`: ``'''Due warning: every time our anonymous friend makes a personal attack, I'm removing it. See Wikipedia:no personal attacks, also see Wikipedia:Remove personal attacks. I've had quite enough of their abuse. To the anonymous user, please start showing a more mature response when replying to comments or arguing your case. -   (modified  )`` < WIKIPEDIA POLICIES DO NOT ONLY APPLY TO ANONYMOUS USERS, THEY APPLY TO _ALL_ USERS, INCLUDING ONEGUY. ANYONE WHO ENGAGES IN PERSONAL ATTACKS IS LIABLE TO HAVE HIS OR HER COMMENTS DELETED, AND THAT INCLUDES ONEGUY.  Pename`	1
Leaving aside the fact that it outrageous abuse from the likes of OneGuy and Ta bu shi da yu's that drove me to make personal attacks against these characters back when I first started editing  Wikipedia, and leaving aside OneGuy's lies about why I stopped using the Pename account (i simply lost the password), the fact remains that WHATEVER PERSONAL ATTACKS I MIGHT HAVE MADE IN THE PAST DOES NOT MEAN THAT ONEGUY IS NOW FREE TO ENGAGE IN WHATEVER PERSONAL ATTACKS HE CAN CONJURE. AND NO MATTER HOW MANY OF HIS SYSOP FRIENDS TA BU SHI DA YU BRINGS AROUND HERE TO HELP HIM AND ONEGUY WITH THEIR GANGSTER-LIKE BEHAVIOUR AND ABUSE AGAINST ME, IT WILL NOT CHANGE THE FACT THAT PERSONAL ATTACKS ARE AGAINST WIKIPEDIA POLICY, AND THAT THIS POLICY APPLIES TO EVERYONE INCLUDING ONEGUY.  Pename	1
`, then the above statement is not from you, but the comments by one guy is also not adressed to you. Decide which one you want and stop bugging me with your rants  Chris 73 Talk `` <- You had better change the abuse tone that you are speaking in, ``Chris 73.`` I do not appreciate you comming here to post your comments, accusing me of being people that I am not, and then referring to my responses to you ``rants`` and telling me to ``stop bugging you.``  Referring to everything that I say as a ``rant`` is a form of personal attack, for which you should ideally be held accountable.  It is you who came here, it is you who threatened to ban me, it is you who is re-inserting OneGuy's personal attacks against me on the Jihad discussion page, so it is you who is doing the bugging, not  me. It's evident that ``Ta bu shi da yu`` has brought you here as a sysop friend of his to help him engage in this gang-like abuse against me, unjustly threatening me with bans, and mindlessly supporting every ridiculous and outrageous personal attack against me, while trying to send me to the electric chair because I engaged in personal attacks in the _past_. Your behavior, chris 73, is highly suspect, and so is your impartiality.`	1
`== Re: Alfred Rosenberg == I have just read the free license page, and it would seem I am guilty of assuming that offering credit for a copyrighted image makes it ``ok`` to use it. The image is from one of the inside pages of Robert Cecil's book; I tore it out and scanned it. My humblest apologies.  `	0
I moved material from the euler formula page to this page. I did some merging but the page still needs some more work.  	0
::Make that four, fifth is underway.  This is rediculous!   	1
== Useful info? ==http://www.sim64.co.uk/queens.html may provide useful info to solve the annus horribilis question (and others).  	0
*I was testing nothing.  What the hell are you talking about?  Oh, and please leave your name instead of just adding a template to my page.  Thanks! !	1
`What I find, reading these paragraphs, is a decidedly pro-Zayed bias. To assume that anyone who criticizes him in that article must have never went near the Middle East, or the UAE, is preposterous. My own contributions, as well as others, are based on travel and life in the UAE, as well as trustworthy sources like the BBC and Reuters, among others. Also, that he funded all those wonderful projects around the world is not in dispute. To say that it was from his own pocket, however, is ludicrous. As with all the rich Gulf leaders, their personal wealth CAME from the nation's oil wealth. Their checkbooks and the State Treasury were often indistinguishable. Nevertheless, Zayed could have easily chosen to horde the UAE's wealth only for Emiratis, but he didn't, and that is evident. As far as the propaganda pictures and TV footage Falcon44 refers to, I have seen it with my own eyes. It does not negate what he did, but it's important to edify readers that Media in the UAE is strictly controlled, and cult-worship of the ruling families was institutionalized. Again, this does not mean that Zayed was not genuinely liked and admired, but it is important to state all the facts. The simple fact is that there was not one jot of criticism allowed on the airwaves or in print. This is no great slur on Zayed or the UAE. The only 3 relatively lively and free presses in the Arab world are Lebanon, Egypt, and pre-war Kuwait. Qatar is just now experimenting with free media. Regardless, what is more evidence of a pro-Zayed bias then the systematic removal of every scrap of criticism from the article? Why do certain individuals not want the world to know that one of his weddings is recorded in the Guinness Book of Records as the most expensive ever? Why are they afraid to let people know that Zayed's ``election`` to the Presidency was by a mere group of 6 sheiks and not by a free and popular vote? All these facts were shamelessly deleted several times from the article. THAT is what I call bias. Also, you quoted one of his advisors. It is not very shocking that such a person would be overflowing with praise about his employer and benefactor. I do not consider that an objective source. That doesn't mean it cannot be mentioned. As long as it is made clear who said it, the readers can draw their own conclusions about the possible bias of the quotation.  Perhaps you should include that quotation in the article, Falcon. Also, regarding the Zayed Center, that was not my contribution, but I find it very interesting. What you mentioned about it in this talk section is very important. I look forward to you expanding on how he founded the center, and why he became disenchanted with it and withdrew his support.Oh, incidentally, it would be a great help if you, and all contributors, made use of the ``edit summary`` section so that the rest of us can more efficiently keep track of who added/deleted what and for what reason. Thanks. `	0
`== Article Licensing ==Hi, I've  to get users to multi-license all of their contributions that they've made to either (1) all U.S. state, county, and city articles or (2) all articles, using the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike  (CC-by-sa) v1.0 and v2.0 Licenses or into the public domain if they prefer.  The CC-by-sa license is a true free documentation license that is similar to Wikipedia's license, the GFDL, but it allows other projects, such as WikiTravel, to use our articles.  Since you are among the top 1000 Wikipedians by edits, I was wondering if you would be willing to multi-license all of your contributions or at minimum those on the geographic articles.  Over 90% of people asked have agreed.  For More Information:* - Lots of questions answered*Multi-Licensing Guide*To allow us to track those users who muli-license their contributions, many users copy and paste the ``{{DualLicenseWithCC-BySA-Dual}}`` template into their user page, but there are other options at Template messages/User namespace.  The following examples could also copied and pasted into your user page::Option 1:I agree to [[Wikipedia:Multi-licensing|multi-license]] all my contributions, with the exception of my user pages, as described below::{{DualLicenseWithCC-BySA-Dual}}OR:Option 2:I agree to [[Wikipedia:Multi-licensing|multi-license]] all my contributions to any [[U.S. state]], county, or city article as described below::{{DualLicenseWithCC-BySA-Dual}}Or if you wanted to place your work into the public domain, you could replace ``{{DualLicenseWithCC-BySA-Dual}}`` with ``{{MultiLicensePD}}``.  If you only prefer using the GFDL, I would like to know that too.  Please let me know what you think at my ''''''.  It's important to know either way so no one keeps asking.    (comment) [[]] `	0
`== Your personal attacks ==This is to advise you to refrain from posting false allegations about  supposedly using sock-puppets or being someone's sock-puppet. I have removed these false allegations as they violate the Wikipedia policy of ``no personal attacks``.  22:07, 2004 Dec 30 (UTC)`	0
`== Your personal attacks ==This is to advise you to refrain from posting false allegations about  supposedly using sock-puppets or being someone's sock-puppet. I have removed these false allegations as they violate the Wikipedia policy of ``no personal attacks``. 22:07, 2004 Dec 30 (UTC)== Last warning: Your personal attacks ==By deleting my notice to you (restored above) and repeating your personal attacks you are violating Wikipedia policies. This is your last warning.  04:22, 2004 Dec 31 (UTC)`	1
:Sorry for calling you a coward, but how exactly is creating a template stating that an article had been through previous VfDs then adding it to a page up for VfD vandalism?	1
== Collin Powell is going to the region ==somebody write about collin powwell and jeb bush going to the area	0
`There has been a great effort to improve this article. The background info that has been added is wonderful. Maybe we could tone down the ``propaganda`` a bit though? I feel that Russell was a man of God with the highest principles, but he had failings like everyone else. There is no shame in allowing the tone of the article to be neutral instead of positive. `	0
`== What to do about a spammer? == has been spamming articles with links to http://www.nlpweekly.com.  He's been particularly persistent on the Hypnosis article, reinserting the link at least four times  that is, if one gives him the benefit of the doubt that he is unrelated to the more than ten anonymous IPs who have reinserted that link into the article after it's been removed.  Now he's moved up to threatening me, telling me not to call his insistent reinsertion ``spam`` or revert it because ``Just remember, I can do the same to you...``  A look at his edits shows that all of his article edits are about getting nlpweekly.com linked, including this one, which either identifies Danniboy as NLP Weekly's editor or this as a big potential copyvio.  What can we do about this?   `	1
*So you're just deleting it, even though there are more keep votes on the VfD than delete?   	0
`==Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/HistoryBuffEr and Jayjg/Evidence==Due to its disorganization and unmanageable length, I have moved the material from the evidence page, 495 kb, to a new location and set up a new page. Please summarize your evidence at the new page, Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/HistoryBuffEr and Jayjg/Evidence, putting your evidence in a separate section, following the date and time format and limiting your presentation to no more than 1000 words and 100 diffs.  :Will reply on the Evidence talk page.  19:21, 2004 Dec 13 (UTC)== Something you noted ==I note that you remarked on the manner in which certain cases were quickly ignored, but others taken up with relish. So, I pose the question,If an active arbitrator admitted that they are a right wing POV warrier who has, in real life, even acted in such a way as to have been suspended from practicing law, are they fit to continue in their post and meet out judgements on others.Wikipedia:Current surveys/FrBaArbQuality  01:29, 2004 Dec 18 (omitted sig added)== Request for Arbitration ==Following the various tos-and-fros on WP:VIP, I have made a request for arbitration. You are one of a handful of users in the ``Various`` request.  :Request withdrawn; turns out that the user accused of being a sockpuppet has been blocked, therefore resolving the issue.  `	1
====Chinese yo-yo  Diabolo====Entry for Diabolo was removed and the topic nowadays just redirects to Chinese yo-yo. Chinese yo-yo is not the correct name for the item depicted in the entry. The juggling prop is called Diabolo universally in juggling circles. The original move was probably initiated by an ill-informed newbie to the art. The content of the page has deteroriated as people have been removing stuff which does not relate to Chinese yo-yo (which also looks different). Also the external links and the picture are irrelevant to 'Chinese yo-yo' as they clearly refer to Diabolo. Diabolo and Chinese yo-yo are quite two different things. I propose leaving a new empty entry for Chinese yo-yo which could be used to tell about the particular item. Addition: To see what I mean. Here's a Chinese Yo-Yo and here's a Diabolo. I ask for this change now because I thought someone more proficient with Wikipedia would come to resque and correct the error.    * Support - Initiated by me. I wrote much of the original Diabolo entry.   * Support - I've never heard the item depicted and described in that article refered to as anything but diabolo.   * Support - I used to juggle diabolos, and I never called it a Chinese yo-yo.  * Support - I don't think it is fair to characterise the original move as ill-informed. But if different editors are pulling in different directions, it sounds like you may have a case for demerging the article. Diabolo can then concentrate on the juggling and Chinese yo-yo can concentrate on its origins, history, and use in Chinese dance etc. In which case a straight move wouldn't be required.   	0
`:Perhaps it's possible to talk about what John Harris says in his book ``The Last Party: Britpop, Blair and the Demise of English Rock``. There's a review at  - there was once a good extract on the Guardian site, but the only link I have now seems to be broken.  `	0
```The smaller pedestal desks with such a panel are sometimes called kneehole desks, and were usually placed against a wall.``Is that logical?Might ``with`` be a literal error for ``without``?`	1
duplicate info with the dino rossi page about the 2004 election.  detailed election info should be broken out.	0
This page is largely about the election of 2004, with dino himself discussed only at the bottom.   probably best to break out a new page	0
Is this supposed to be Jackson Hole, Wyoming? (sometimes the rambot and/or the census data don't like two-name towns)	0
== Why  does this article exist? ==Nowhere in science is a 'megatsunami' ever referred to. There's certainly no scientific defintion. It's purely a pop-culture term.  	1
Protector of neutrality why you continue not answering to these simple questions? 	1
By the way, I think it's really neat how the only argument against glasses that held any water was the one that it had a slightly different meaning a hundred (plus a good bit) years ago.   	1
What are the Differences between (not ANA)Baptist and Menonite Brethren?	0
== Amharic ==Hi, I noticed that you changed the notation of some examples in the Amharic language article. Could you explain what you're doing there? It seems like a change from IPA/Unicode to SAMPA or something, but I have the feeling that it's more difficult to read now. I hope to see your answer here or on Talk:Amharic language. Kind regards,    	0
`Totalitarian and dictatorship are two words with meaning and indeed are defined at length on Wikipedia with their own articles. Perhaps we should delete the articles, because no regime could ever qualify. That is not what neutrality means. The USSR qualifies under those definitions, under the vast majority of non-Marxist scholarship (we have already dealt with the sources issue at length), as reflected in Britannica and Encarta which both deal with the former USSR at length and very adequately synthesize that scholarship into long articles. Also, earlier versions of this article included the terms and were edited out. I encourage those interested to go back and see what went on previously. The issue is whether ``totalitarian dictatorships`` are non-neutral language. I don't think they are non-neutral at all.  The words have meaning, I think Fred has written at length on how the USSR qualified and I defer to his effort. Perhaps someone should post it up here. Now is the time to resolve it. `	1
== Seperate article for the Gamefaqs boards. Yay or Nay? ==I think what I did was good as the article was getting past the limit. Should I vfd the seperate article so it can remerge or was that a good idea? 	0
* Keep an eye out for user Nex O-Slash. A friend pointed out the addition of 'John Quincy Adams' to the famous pimps list, which I deleted. History can attribute this addition to him. I'm a comparative n00b here, so I have no idea (without researching) whether further action can be taken.  	1
::::Your knowledge of Hebrew? Thank god that Jossi speaks Hebrew, to back you up. And the Humanist is a treasure for that as well, isn't it. But to have it look scholarly, it is simply to amateurish.  	1
Huh. Thanks for responding so quickly, Ferdinand. That's not all that went wrong. Someone went in and completely reverted back to the original article within two hours after a full week of research. Ah, the joys of online anonymity. But that is neither here nor there. Thank you VERY much for the tip. I keep DOING THAT. And now I know how to wrap!  	0
I don't like the last paragraph. Holding that you have some particular negative right doesn't mean that you believe that you have a right to make others protect you from having that right violated. That would mean you had double standard, in that you say you have negative rights, but someone else doesn't and therefore it's ok for you to coerce him to protect your negative rights. This would be an akward position to hold, and i doubt many people do hold it. So, I'm thinking about deleting the paragraph. (RJII) Dec 23 2004	1
:Please add a suggestion how to do that.  	0
:No problem, as long as you recognize that you are wrong.  	1
== Getting to NPOV ==It appears that everyone who has not displayed strong pro-Israeli bias agrees that 's version is more NPOV. It makes more sense to start from, and improve on, the more neutral version, rather than constantly reverting to an obviously POV anti-Arafat version, which is unlikely to ever become NPOV, doesn't it?  21:39, 2005 Jan 9 (UTC)	1
`:: According to ``The Uralic Languages`` (edited by Daniel Abandolo), palatalization is a feature of every language discussed in the book. They include Erzya, Meadow Mari, Hill Mari, Komi, Udmurt, Khanty, Mansi, Hungarian, Nenets, Selkup, Nganasan, Kamassian, Livonian, Estonian, Finnish (eastern dialects), Votic, Veps, and Northern Sami. There was no information on some minor languages in the book, but it can be easily seen that palatalization is common in every branch of the Uralic language family.  `	1
`== Synagogue ==Hi there! One or two comments and, please, do not be offended: Synagogue comes from the greek words  'syn' = con (as in 'con-servative' for example) and  'agogi' = discipline/manner/education, which itself comes from the verb  'agein' = lead (also look here: http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=synagogue)The word 'agogi' from the ancient times (and even today!) has an absolutely positive meaning: for example, in modern Greece, people say ``He has agogi`` meaning ``He has manners``, ``He knows how to behave`` etc.Therefore, I would ask you to accept my previous correction, which for some reason you thought it was offending or negative. It is NOT. That's how it is in Greek, and that's the truth... Kokoriko: 13:09 pm GMT, 9/1/05`	0
`== Anon ==Hi. I was just reading your talk page and wondered what ``anonymous post removed`` was all about. Im not trying to be stupid, I'm just new. Thanks! `	1
Austrian Flags at Zundel Rallieshttp://zundelsite.org/zundel_persecuted/free_zundel_rally_nov23.htmlAustria: Index of All Pagessterreichhttp://flagspot.net/flags/at-index.html#landAustrian (Austro-Hungarian), and German Flags are the most varied in the World.  If you KNEW ANYTHING ABOUT FLAGS (which you obviously do not) you would know that some block-head waving a Flag does NOT make it theirs. 	1
-The first paragraph of the 'notable characteristics' section states that aluminium is both soft and strong. This seems unlikely to be the case. In the case of pure aluminium the yield strength is in the region of 10 MPa which certainly isn't strong as far as construction materials are concerned (Al alloys may have yield strengths in the region of 200-500 MPa). As a result I have removed the word strong (alloying is mentioned later anyway).Surely aluminium is not resistent to magnetism but is simply non-magnetic? I have altered the 'applications' section to reflect this (and hopefully I'm right).The term 'weak' is ambiguous (strength, stiffness, hardness, toughness, fatigue resistance?). I replaced it with a link to tensile strength as this is probably the most familar mechanical property.	0
UggReasons for deletion request (as of Deletion Policy):*This article presents no kind of use*Incomplete*Not Comprehensive, and Lengthy enough  via  01:02, 2005 Jan 12 (UTC)	1
Stop editing it.  I'm from Santa Clarita, I went to Saugus High School so I know that they are, in fact, gay.	1
== Vic arious Liability ==An employer is vicariously liable for negligent acts or omissions by his employee in the course of employment whether or not such act or omission was specifically authorised by the employer. To avoid vicarious liability, an employer must demonstrate either that the employee was not negligent in that the employee was reasonably careful or that the employee was acting in his own right rather than on the employer's business.It can also be understood this way: When one person is liable for the negligent actions of another person, even though the first person was not directly responsible for the injury. For instance, a parent can be vicariously liable for the harmful acts of a child and an employer can be vicariously liable for the acts of a worker.This I find very interesting, thinking of whether a demarcation exist. When can one say that the Employer is exonerated from the employee's acts, especially if the employee used the resources provided by the Employer (Tools, Vehicles, Landed Property etc)?I require additional research to give more details.If however anybody has anything to add, please assist.	0
`* I'm unaware of any agreement with the Bush administration position, outside of Britain and Poland...which is part of why nobody else was willing to send troops. One fact I had actually left out in an effort to keep the article neutral is that on a couple of occasions a Bush official claimed to show some national leader the ``Secret evidence`` which I mentioned uncritically, only to have that official then say ``I've seen no real proof at all``.  `	1
, at best, an emerging	0
P.S. Wow, that rhymes!  Here it is again in verse form:Please treat these 2 users with caution,for they are one and the same,and also happen to be Keith Wigdor,who is playing a sock-puppet game.I'm so excited because this is the first Keith-Wigdor poem that I ever wrote.  Thanks, Keith!   	1
, 13 Jan 2005 (UTC)Ahhhh, I see that Wigdor, er, I mean, User#24.168.66.27, is trying to worm his way back into this surrealism article again.  Stirling, you might want to check the logs to see how Wigdor was previously removed from the article.  Wigdor is nothing but an emerging artist who thinks he's the next Salvador Dali.   16:51	1
`== restored text that was deleted ==NEWBERRY, YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFUL OF USER 24.  HERE IS THE TEXT THAT USER 24 DELETED:Ahhhh, I see that Wigdor, er, I mean, User#24.168.66.27, is trying to worm his way back into this surrealism article again.  Stirling, you might want to check the logs to see how Wigdor was previously removed from the article.  Wigdor is nothing but an emerging artist who thinks he's the next Salvador Dali.  Keith, er, I mean, User#24.168.66.27, I have my messages saved as text in a separate file, so if you delete my posts, then I will simply reinsert them.  You can't bury the truth.   ==User#24.168.66.27, Please don't delete my posts.  That is very rude.==The following was deleted by user#24.168.66.27 this morning.  Why would he delete this post, I wonder:If anyone is curious, in the interests of creating a NPOV article about surrealism, it should be noticed that both user#63.169.104.2 and user#24.168.66.27 were the main users interested in pushing the Keith Wigdor article forward. If you have any doubts, then check the discussion page for that article.    It wasn't long ago that all references to ``Keith Wigdor`` were removed from this ``surrealism`` article. This removal occured because of Wigdor's total unimportance to the surrealist movement, for the simple reason that Keith Wigdor is, at best, an emerging digital artist who fancies himself as a being a surrealist, and who has many times attempted to pose as a surrealist. Needless to say, many of the english-speaking surrealist groups listed on this page know about him and refuse to have anything to do with him. Keith Wigdor appears again and again to disrupt all things genuinely surrealist.   It is also interesting to note, if you check the discussion archives of this ``surrealism`` article, that these same 2 users were also involved with promoting Keith Wigdor as a surrealist, in this very article. Also, if you look at some of the recent, belligerent, trollish, thike-ish posts of these 2 users, it shouldn't be unreasonable to suspect that perhaps both of these 2 IP numbers are being used by Keith Wigdor.For the 2 no-name users mentioned here, who are strongly associated with or strongly correlated with the antics of Keith Wigdor, it is difficult to imagine that their efforts in building this wiki article will be anything but disruptive and manipulative in the long run. Please treat these 2 users with extreme caution, for they are one and the same, and also happen to be Keith Wigdor, who is playing a sock-puppet game.  `	1
`==User#24.168.66.27, Please don't delete my posts.  That is very rude.==The following was deleted by user#24.168.66.27 this morning.  Why would he delete this post, I wonder:If anyone is curious, in the interests of creating a NPOV article about surrealism, it should be noticed that both user#63.169.104.2 and user#24.168.66.27 were the main users interested in pushing the Keith Wigdor article forward. If you have any doubts, then check the discussion page for that article.    It wasn't long ago that all references to ``Keith Wigdor`` were removed from this ``surrealism`` article. This removal occured because of Wigdor's total unimportance to the surrealist movement, for the simple reason that Keith Wigdor is, at best, an emerging digital artist who fancies himself as a being a surrealist, and who has many times attempted to pose as a surrealist. Needless to say, many of the english-speaking surrealist groups listed on this page know about him and refuse to have anything to do with him. Keith Wigdor appears again and again to disrupt all things genuinely surrealist.   It is also interesting to note, if you check the discussion archives of this ``surrealism`` article, that these same 2 users were also involved with promoting Keith Wigdor as a surrealist, in this very article. Also, if you look at some of the recent, belligerent, trollish, thike-ish posts of these 2 users, it shouldn't be unreasonable to suspect that perhaps both of these 2 IP numbers are being used by Keith Wigdor.For the 2 no-name users mentioned here, who are strongly associated with or strongly correlated with the antics of Keith Wigdor, it is difficult to imagine that their efforts in building this wiki article will be anything but disruptive and manipulative in the long run. Please treat these 2 users with extreme caution, for they are one and the same, and also happen to be Keith Wigdor, who is playing a sock-puppet game.  `	1
:To be honest, I find the timeline to be a frivilous addition to this article. I don't see it being of interest to the average reader who isn't a MMA fan, which seems to be because the whole thing was written by MMA fans themselves. Not that I can blame them for working on this article, but we don't need running histories of Pride FC and UFC events as part of this article.  	1
.*Sand-nigger, referring to the fact that they live in the desert	1
, 2005 (UTC)===Uhhh===Yeah, I don't even know what this guy is talking about. I can see the 20th century fox thing on the poster, but I really don't think it's notable. I went to IMDB (twice now) to research this and it turns out that they only distributed to a few countries. . This actually got me thinking about the distribution of the older Bond films though. Dr. No, FRWL etc were distributed by UA, not MGM right? I'm gonna have to go through all that now to get the correct info (   02:18, Jan 15	1
Note: I am 'The Number' now but I still don't seem to have the hang of signing... [ ]	0
== WHY ARE YOU SUCH A GAY NIGGER?!?! ==GOD DAMNDD... YOU ARE SUCH A GAY NIGGER. FUCK FUCK SHTAY AWAY FROM MY KCIK ASS TALK PAGE, BITCH!!I AM ANGRYDO NOT BE A BABY PLZ DO NOT POS T ANYMORE ON MY ATALK OR DICUSER PAGE!!I AM GOING TO CUM TO UR HOUSE AND KILL YOUR FAGGITY ASS	1
== I HAVE A HARD ON FOR WAR ==SUP, NIGGS?????????????????????111111111111111111111111	1
==Hey==What's your email?  	0
*looks at site* dubya tee eff? I sent an email but I don't know if it goes anywhere.  	1
== TDC Email==TDC@dodgeit.com that is my email  	1
== Falsification ==Once again, the law of excluded middle has intruded into this section. I repeat, I would be interested to see a reference to a critique of falsification based on denying the excluded middle. Not the least because a lot more than just falsification relies on this principle. Nor does this argument appear in falsifiability, the main article on the topic.  	0
== Bush Picutre ==We really should change that bush picture it makes me wanna puke!	1
== Dispute Resolution RFC, William M. Connolley ==I started an RFC regarding user William M. Connolley, located here:  Wikipedia:Requests for comment/William M. Connolley.  If you are interested, please comment or sign as appropriate.     |  	0
: Yeah, I read in an interview with his mum in some TV giude that his hair fell out as a result of his dad leaving the family, but I have no knowlege of how true this is. 	0
::Anyway, I think I've said enough - it ought to be pretty clear that your hypothesis stands on pretty thin grounds.  	0
== Cost==Is there any information about how much she had to pay for all this?  Would this be covered under Romania's national healthcare?  17:31, 2005 Jan 19 (UTC)	0
 (UTC)** Unfortunately non-Sollog people also get whacked!  23:24, 18 Jan 2005	1
`===an odd deletion===I am curious. Why did you delete this:``::You don't know jack, read his autobiography cretin, he lived in the UK, his second wife was a model from a famous UK family, his first wife was from a major mafia family and was also a model. Her cousin was Gia the model that died of aids from being a junkie. So you know nothing about Sollog, you're just like the towlah here saying lies. ``If true it offers factual info on Sollog? Some say Sollog is also JPESsene. You may find this  interesting  `	1
 to make its qualification as such clear.Louis E./le@put.com/  	0
OK. I notice last night about 5 am or so Wyss said to me 'goodnight Ennis' which is just yet another personal attack - unpunished (of course). Anyway I followed your advice and have taken the 'challenge' to I am not asking you to comment - I know you have to/want to/feel the need to 'keep in' with other Wikis and I am just an anonymous Brit (or worse - Sollog Arrrgh!) I am just bringing the challenge to your attention as I suspect Wyss will avoid it and the post will be reverted - and his 2000 (or equivalent) will not go to help the bereaved. Remember - no comment required.   	1
I wonder why you think it's absurd to a) try and raise funds for those harmed by a natural disaster and b) to prove once and for all that these repetitive - almost chanting - claims I am Ennis are false. If the 'Number is Ennis' dichotomy was removed the Talk Pages would be near empty! I wonder why you condemn my attempts to bring honesty to these pages.But, that's rhetorical - as I said, there must be certain camaraderie among Wiki people and I doubt if youd want to jeopardise that even if your quest was integrity.Now you have asked me a sensible question, so I'll answer.For some time I watched these pages and saw that posts from people in the UK/claiming they were in the UK were summarily dismissed. Worse, posters were automatically accused of being Ennis.One reason given was that the posts were anonymous.So I thought, as I know more about Ennis than others from the UK posting here (IMO) I'd try to add to these pages. However, even with an identity, I got exactly the same treatment. In fact Cardinal Chunder also got the same treatment even though he has an anti-Sollog website and is well known in Google groups for arguing with sollog(ites).So it became clear that it would be impossible to add anything constructive unless either the accusations 'You're a sock puppet! Youre Ennis!' were either suppressed or disproved.I therefore asked what the criteria would be to 'prove' I was not Ennis - and presumably this criteria would apply to others. I tried to prove I was not in America (I thought these days all IPs were traceable but perhaps the 'proxy argument' holds sway - though quite how 'proxies work' is beyond me) I quoted extracts from a newspaper that was not on the net.This was dismissed.Someone else even went to a pub in Lyndhurst and posted what was next to where he was sitting.That too was dismissed.So it became obvious that no proof I (or anyone else) was not Ennis would ever be accepted.Therefore the only other option if I felt I had something to contribute would be to suppress the hyena-like accusations (never backed up BTW)In vain did I quote Wiki Official Policy. Plainly it is not obeyed by Editors/Administrators vis a vis the treatment of contributors.So what is left? I cannot invoke Wiki policy. I cannot 'prove' I am here, in England sitting quietly in front of a PC.Two choices.Stop posting completelyTry and 'challenge' the main accuser so once and for all this behaviour would stop. The only challenge worth it would be one where I did not personally gain (Of course I would win because I am not Ennis) and where proof involving a third party held in esteem (e.g. Ashley) acted as 'witness'.Hence the challenge.I fear that will be deleted; I'll be castigated a usual and that's that. It really is just hopeless.I have started deleting all my posts and if the challenge is reverted Ill know there simply is no hope and I'll delete all my posts if I can find them.You see, unless people accept I am not Ennis everything I or anyone else writes who is similarly accused will simply be dismissed. I'd prefer it if people read the post without looking at the poster - but they don't.I have other interests - I posted on the Yoga page but it's quiet and I am interested in politics etc etc.So we'll see what happens. Like I said, my view is that it's just hopeless trying to treat others as adults as all some want to do is - and they admit this - bait, bait and bait and if you do rise to it you're banned and if you don't it shows your inability. Truly a page that brings out the juvenile in what I assume are adults.So there you are. I have answered your question fully and honestly and we'll just see what happens. It will answer the question - at least for these Sollog pages - as to whether Wiki should be taken seriously or not.Finally if, as expected, the post is reverted it will provide a fitting end to the article I am writing (I am a freelance writer and no, Im not going to prove it) before I send it off to newspapers. If it is accepted though I shall return just the once, to link to the article!   	1
==To Gamaliel==I see Wyss has now deleted all my recent posts on his page - without (he claims) even reading them. One of the posts was asking him to explain where the Sollog prophecies were wrong (I linked to them). This he deleted without reading it.It's pointless - I give up.Please could you tell me where I complain to and also perhaps you'd do it if you can do it easily, please delete every single post I have ever made on the Talk Sollog pages as it's pointless trying to do anything there. I'd be better off elsewhere.Wiki is not 'out of control' - it's 'too much in control' and the accusations of Wiki Cult certainly have some bearing. 	0
We do have conflict resolution methods in place here. I was hoping that you would be willing to stop provoking him before it got to that point, just as I was attempting to get him to stop provoking you.  If you wish, you can initiate a formal conflict resolution process at Wikipedia:Requests for comment.  	1
:check out Encarta The Blitz and Encarta The Great Game	1
==EuroVelo map image==G'day Quadell. I'm not sure about which category the usage comes under. I looked at the [map] and saw the names of the authors but couldn't see a copyright sign. I do know however that the EuroVelo people were so happy when I sent them an e-mail to tell them I had made a Wikipedia page that they put my name up on their website. Now when I do a Google search for me name I get that site at the top of the list!!	0
==Blocked==Ollieplatt has been blocked for 24 hours for violating the 3 RR rule on Democratic Underground in just over an hour.  Note that three different Users have felt the need to revert his massive deletions.  Note also that two separate sysops have blocked him for this violation.   	0
`-Continued:I checked the history of recent edits.I find it hypocritical that the words ``sell`` and ``price`` have been changed to ``offer`` and ``donation``. What the * is that all about?Is it because THC Ministry has been registered as a religion that the action of trading funds for a product has ``miraculously`` transformed from simple business to ``donations`` and ``offerings``? That is marketing speech. That is in no way different from any businessman's simple strategy.Since THC Ministry supposedly ``offers`` a product in exchange of a ``donation``, shouldn't that imply that they would also give away freely the product in some cases? Shouldn't that imply that there would be no set price, as a donation is usually considered an act of variable value? Because otherwise that is just PLAIN BUSINESS. Nothing saintly about it.I would like to know - just to clear things out - where these ``donations`` go to and who they benefit. Are the funds used to address the issues of unethical drug wars? Are the funds used to fight what is wrong in society? Or are they merely collected to the personal accounts of the ``priesthood`` of THC Ministry? Who could answer me?If one would allow oneself a cynical outlook, he'd certainly see this as a pretty package covering a simple money-making scheme.Juuso`	1
`==Changes, subtle errors ==Oleg, I am concerned about the edits that you are making.  My first impression is that it is much harder to understand than it used to be.  It used to be precise as to what it meant; much of that precision has been removed. The result is the sublte introduction of errors...   in part by removing that precision.  For example, the ring over tau_p is not isomorphic to the ring x^n^p which is what you seem to be implying; the degrees of polynomials are totatlly different: if P(tau) is a polynomial, then  n^(deg P(tau)) = deg P(x) one is kind-of-like the exp/ad of the other, sort-of.  And you cut out the paragraphs that made this distinction: tau a is not equal to a tau, but tau a is equal to a^p tau ...The ring is never commutative when the field is not F_p ... The field is called F_p not Z/pZ dammit. We already talked about this before. Nobody but you calls it that.Stating that aP(x) is also additive is important, I don't see why you cut that out. k{tau} is not k[x] e.g the next theorem to mention is that for any p(x) in k[x] there exists a g(tau) in k{tau} such that f(x) divides g(x).  These g(tau)'s are a left ideal in k{tau}Using language like ``its quite easy to prove`` and ``it follows quickly`` and ``it can be shown that`` is, at best, filler, and, at worst, misleading as to the actual difficulty of the theorems you are alluding to.Look, I don't see why you need to be monkeying with this article, why don't you write an article on Ore's invariants of the additive polynomials, or the moore determinant instead, hell, there is no entry for the vandermonde determinant even ...  or start the article on a carlitz module or drinfeld module instead, or fix the article on non-archimedean analysis which really needs a lot of work, cause its missing all that jazz ...  `	1
hello i am a student studying the shipping forecast, i am to create a profile on a typical listener of the report, if you are a listener of the shipping forecast, your help would be greatly appreciated if you could answer a few questions i have for you ... thanks. emma.	1
Why you reverted the page to forbidden cooperated content ?.It was deleted because it wascooperated material from here http://www.moodbook.com/music/trance.html#goa-trance.Now what to do ?	0
:::I've just came across the Wikipedia:Manual of Style (dates and numbers). After looking at the Eras section in the Manual, I understand why you made those changes, that CE/AD should only be used when dates span the start of the Common Era or from BCE/BC to CE/AD. So if you make those changes again I will not oppose them.   	0
This article was taken from part of the former article Historical weights and measures, which was move to Ancient weights and measures. As a result, some of the discussion & history for Mediaeval weights etc. may be found in Talk:Ancient weights and measuresThe reason for splitting the articles was simply size - over 41Kb. It is intended that these articles are closely linked.  	0
:Yes, I agree they were wrong. That's sneaky vandalism. But I don't think we should use this article to take revenge on them. We should make this one as much NPOV as possible, otherwise we would be strengthening Veja's argument that Wikipedia is not reliable.  	0
== whoa ==you are a bi fat idiot, stop spamming my user space.	1
== whoa ==you are a big fat idot, stop spamming my userspace	1
===Superbowl prophecy===I have posted a Superbowl prophecy on my TalkPage. The prophecy is made by Sollog. You may care to read the Wiki pages (which are biased as they delete pro-Sollog posts) and elsewhere about him. More importantly, you may care to look at the prophecy, decipher it correctly and then you'll know the winner before the game is played! 	1
Hi there, welcome to Wikipedia. May I ask what this image is? Image:Macho magnus on the beach.png Does it relate to any article, or is it just a photo montage you did?    	0
Removed textHumanitism is the form of messianism held by the Sabis and their Notzarim. The clergy (Sabiyah) identifies and promotes a forever imminent just ideal in the midsts of the (Notzrim) congregation. The congregation are to attach themselves to the identified just mission and become its body and limbs through social solidarity to make the ideal manifest and thus bring about progress where the best efficiency takes pride of position. Efficient progress is not illegal as long as it is not against the Humanitist directives and there is always a way for the clergy to observe Torah protocols. The clergy reserves the right to single-out members of the congregation worthy of respect in light of significant contribution.Totally incoherant 	0
== kash jaffrey ==One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most prominent Calgary, Canada based financial speculator.One of the most pr	1
== KASH JAFFREY ==ADD KASH JAFFREY, DO YOU HAVE BIAS AGAINST CANADIANS?	1
== FUCK YOU THUE ==YOU BRAIN DEAD FUCK, YOU CAN'T BLOCK ME. THANKS TO PROXY SERVERS AND ANON BROWSING I CAN COME TO WIKI ZILLION TIMES SO IF SCUM LIKE YOU THINK THAT YOU CAN BLOCK ME THEN YOU ARE IN FOR BIG SURPRISE YOU FAGGOT. I AM GIVING YOU LAST CHANCE IN CIVILIZED WAY TO STOP VANDALIZING KASH JAFFREY. DON'T FUCK WITH CANADIAN CONTENT, ITS TO ADVANCE FOR YOUR EMPTY BRAIN TO CONCIEVE. AND LASTLY IF YOU WANT TO LEAVE MESSAGE THEN WRITE (DON'T USE PREDEFINE ONE LINERS.) SEE YA ASSHOLEJOEY	1
`*********************************Josif Stalin IS one of the three worst criminals in the history of mankind, the other two being Hitler and Mao. Mao killed 38 million human beings, Stalin at least 25 million and Hitler at least 20 million. The figures are there on the CIA website. It is unacceptable to show Stalin and Mao as politicians on Wikipedia website when Hitler is depicted as a monster. All of them were equally monsters and the personal cult communism was no differenct from nazism in essence.You need to be aware that most former eastern bloc countries banned the use and display of the five-pointed red star and the hammer and sickle symbols of communism alongside the swastika and some local fascist sysmbols, because they know from personal experience that the horrors of stalinism were no less than that of nazism. The hungarian law banning all these is the XLV. (45th) law of 1993, titled ``Az nknyuralmi jelkpek hasznlatt tilt trvny`` and it has been upheld in constitutional court.If you fail to mention the very criminality of Stalin and Mao in the very header of their wiki articles, then you are looking for an edit war, period. We, the people of ex-soviet bloc countries are personally insulted when anglo-saxons pet ``Uncle Joe`` as the kind old leader. Be glad he did not rule you (you may not have been born then with 10% probability because your father would get executed or die in the Gulags beforehand, no kidding). Acknowledge our sufferings by stating the truth: Stalin was one of the three worst criminals in the history of mankind, period.Regards: Tamas Feher from Hungary (etomcat@freemail.hu)`	1
`You are Stalin apologets. Where is placed the mention of Katyin massacre, where several thousands of polish POVs were shot by NKVD upon Stalin's personal order? We hugarians are very close brothers of the polish people historically, so I find the lack of proper and emphasized mention of Katyin very painful. Stalin's crimes against Poland are amongst the most outrageous in written history. There is no excuse to the Molotov-Rippentropp pact. Make no mistake that was the Hitler-Stalin pact.I really wish Stalin ruled you, not us. You are like Rumsfeld, who met Saddam during mid-1980s and praised him as a good ally in the anti-Khomeini Iran war. When will you realize that Putyin's current rule is an analog of Stalin's, characterized by extreme disregard for law, anti-semitism (most notably the early 50's doctor trials vs. 2004's Khodorkovski-Yukos) and imperialism (brutal military actions in the Caucasian Mountains both times and desire to the rule neighbours). Thus, by not mentioning Stalins criminality in unambigious terms, you hold the english-speaking world blind to Putyin's methods and you contribute to a ``new Uncle Joe`` sentiment, which will inevitable put the world and the poor Russian race in great danger. A repetition of history for those who refuse to learn about the past.Stalin started his reign with a few million dead, by reversing Lenin's post-civil-war ``new economic policy`` of limited private agriculture thus leading to big famine.The entire WWII in Europe would be over in 6-9 months had Stalin failed to entirely decapitate the soviet army's elite in 1937-39, this is clearly written in vol. 2. of soviet published seven-volume ``The history of the Great Patriotic War 1941-1945``. You are plain stupid to praise Stalin for a ``hard earned victory in WWII``.So powerful was the fear of Stalin's evil power, that even us hungarians, who previously fought three revolutions and independence wars in the last 300 years, did not dare to raise again until autumn 1956 to free ourselves from stalinism. Anglo-saxons betrayed us big time then, shame on the Free World.In churches renovated after WWII (big destruction in Hungary) the face of the Satan (as defeated by arch-angel Michael) is always of Josif Stalin's on wall paintings. People were shot for painting that.Regards: Tamas Feher.`	1
==A New Record==Two articles riddled with plagiarized information, protected for over three weeks! I think that sets a new record, one that you can be proud of.  	0
`:: Hey, the only persons ``suffering`` were those who read that bullshit, Wikipedia opening itself up to a Copyright infringement suit, and the credibility of those who are facilitating both.  The length of the protections will not influence my decision to revert the article back to a previous version that does not contain plagiarism.  `	1
::It's a done deal:   	0
:There is no such thing as anarchist rule. The factory occupations and councils are of interest to anarchists as being non-hierarchal, directly democratic forms of large scale organization. The article is not saying that the State and capitalism have been totally abolished.  	0
Your comments are strange, arrogant and not related to my revert. What I removed was large swats of political, unreferenced statements. The onus is upon the original writer to provide references for his or her claims. Until that is done, disputed claims will be gone.  	1
::: Hey Bobby, get a clue, I dont deal with tards or liars.  	1
Weight sounds fishy>Mk-54 weighed 68 kilogramsSixty-eight kilograms is the weight of an average non-obese adult male person. That means 68 kilograms is definitely not man-portable, not even by two soldiers carrying it. Maybe you meant 68 pounds (some 32 kilogramns)?	0
This issue, including the sources, was covered in the talk pages between myself and another user almost a year ago. I stand by my statement that if a user is too damn lazy to go to the talk archives and find it, then that is too bad for them.  	1
Quit vandalizing the pages or you will be blocked.- 	0
==French baroque composers==Hello, I am Grard and i read your to-do list. I am specialized in french baroque music - particularly for harpsichord and organ. I have written quite a lot of bios of french baroque composers for the french Wiki and my purpose is to translate them to english. Ot will be necessary to check them, because english is not my mother language, as you probably will notice. Could you help me ? Thanks. Grard 	0
 (various mss, different dates)	1
Someone has re-instated the link to the petition. This petition is to change the flag; it is promoting a particular point-of-view. Unless a link to a petition for keeping the current flag is added then the Wikipedia NPOV rule is broken. Please insert a link to such a petition (if one exists), otherwise I suggest you remove the current link. 	0
== Ross Perot and the Reform Party ==I edited to include Ross Perot because his candidacy everywhere was talked about as appealing to the 'radical middle' (in the press even). He said he was a social moderate and fiscal conservative, but his general tone was of centrismwhich is why for years after 'swing voters'/centrist voters/independents were called 'Perot voters'. On most issues he came to compromises between Democrats and Republicans with hard solutions. For instance he said both tax cuts and tax increases were needed. He also felt that partisanship and gridlock between the parties caused most problems, including incessant debates on social issues like abortion. But he promoted issues that appealed to the center (that weren't just plain 'centrist' but pro-active positions that at that time hadn't been talked about much before) like balanced budgets, campaign finance reform, referendums, term limits, etc.The Reform Party was based on this platform and was radically centristmembers even called themselves 'centrist'. People in the party felt there were definite issues that needed to be solved, and the two major parties had to be challenged to solve them, with the creation of a new party. Today, many might say the party has a chink in this line of thought, because after Pat Buchanan and his supporters entered the party in the 2000 election, hard stances on immigration started to enter party platforms.Which is somewhat right-but even still it doesn't compromise on the idea. I read Noam Chomsky once wrote that in America the groups on the fringes of politicslike Nader on the left, Buchanan on the right, and Perot in the center, agreed substantially on their significant issuesand he proposed that they joined together in a pretzel to form the 'radical middle'. A radical 'centrist' is an uneasy concept, since politics always changes and what will be moderate will change. The idea here though is that there is a growing set of issues that is not shared by left or right parties (fair trade, campaign finance reform, balanced budgets). That those who support these issues also carry different baggage of their own, tied to left-right positions, like Buchanan with abortion or immigration, should be expected.If you're talking about John McCain, he plays to many of these positions (but is still free trade). But he's usually still what you might call a 'sensible' centrist and usually falls on the right, where he is. I was in the Reform Party (i think my analysis is accurate so don't bring up the bias), and many members hated McCain because he was a 'false reformer'-for instance his McCain-Feingold act made it even harder for third parties, while not doing anything substantial for reform. The sentiment was that he was just taking advantage of the issues for his public image. If you even listen to his speeches on reform he gives no substance just uses the phrase 'special interests' liberally.From what I know about UK politics, Tony Blair looks more like Clintonesque centrism (which is purely political) than anything else. 	0
Trivia just removed from article. It was right to remove it but maybe it can be added in again some time in future if it can be made relevant::''Ten Australian Prime Ministers (Barton, Reid, Cook, Bruce, Page, Menzies, Fadden, McEwen, Gorton and McMahon) have been freemasons. 	0
 that will substantiate your claim that the Iraq Liberation Act was a violation of international law	0
I realize that several people (apparently including Rama) have attempted to point to Israel's bombing of Osiraq as the catalyst for Iraq's nuclear program, but it just does not hold up to scrutiny. Iraqi defectors as well as the IAEA's post Gulf War investigations found that Iraq had a clandestine program dating back to the late 1970's. Most of Iraq's nuclear work was done at Al Tuwaitha. Although the IAEA had access to Al Tuwaitha, it was extremely limited with the majority of the complex off limits to IAEA inspectors because no declared nuclear activity was taking place there. Evidently Blix saw nothing wrong with this.For the section quoting (although I did not include the quote to avoid POV) Blix praising Iraq compliance on the eve of the Invasion of Kuwait and during the beginning of Iraq's crash bomb program: NuclearFuel, August 20, 1990	0
::::: Application of the UN Charter to the Iraq Liberation Act is original research.  	0
:I am just interested in contributing to a subject in which I have accurate, detailed, and correct information. If you like to paint a rosy and romantic picutre of Bahaism, and certain facts ruin this picture for you, don't blame those who state the facts. In other words, don't shoot the messenger. I am simply stating some facts. Also, going to multiple people's personal pages and knocking on every door trying to portray me as some sort of evil character just because I have contributed FACTS AND CORRECT INFORMATION to Bahai-related articles, is not a good idea, there are good chances that it will backfire on you. Is there any misinformation that I included in any of the articles?  Is the picture that I uploaded not authentic?  What is your problem with my contributions other than the fact that I do not have a long list of variegated contributions?  	1
That would be a good idea, this way I could check to see if Anon is placing more cw material into the article. But I would have to insist that all current info be erased due to all the cw violations.  	0
::Until you can give me, a person who worked on Bob Dole's campaign, a citation for your claim, I will assume that this is fiction.- 	1
As I indicated on the other talk page for the election, I will take down any thing I want to from my our talk page, whenever I choose toespecially if the material that I remove is abusive. 	0
== Triggerhappiness ==Hello.  Congratulations on your Adminship.  I know that most people who become Admins like to display good administrator qualities to their peers, and this can, at times, result in triggerhappiness.  I believe your quick page protection reaction on the Bah' Faith page is one such case.  Please unprotect the page, so that I can incorporate both the new contributions of the other guy as well as include the photo of the prophet of that religion in the article.  Thanks.   	1
::OK, will do.  Thanks for unprotecting it.  I will try to reason with them in the discussion page.  It seems they are a group and they think Wikipedia was created as a medium for promotion of Bahaism.  But anyway, we'll work it out somehow.  Thanks.   	1
```made famous for the second voyage she made with Charles Darwin aboard.`` Does this mean that it was the second voyage with Charles Darwin, or it's second voyage total? Ambiguous!`	0
HELLO! HELLO!I would expect a bit more harsh treatment for this drink which single-handedly ruined the largest country in the world! You are mostly praising it (purest, this good, that good, no hangover) instead of condemning it in strong terms. Vodka is easily the biggest curse ever seen in history, it makes people drink their brains away and halts all progress or human effort. Why there is no mention of Gorbachev trying to ban it and how the USSR fell apart?	1
`::: Now, listen carefully, because I am only going to say this one more time: The argument that the Iraq Liberation Act was a violation of international law is your argument. You have provide me with absolutely no source from an expert in International law (i.e. Claudio Grossman) that will substantiate your claim that the Iraq Liberation Act was a violation of international law. ::: This is know as original research. Recognize!  ::::I'm relieved this is the last time, I'm tiring of your broken record. I can assure you that the United Nations Charter is not original research.  ::::: Application of the UN Charter to the Iraq Liberation Act is original research.  :::::: It's not the application of. It's a very simple citation. International law is clear on this matter in the extreme. The UN Charter states, ``The Organization is based on the principle of the sovereign equality of all its Members.`` The Act openly admits the intention of overthrowing Saddam, ``It should be the policy of the United States to support efforts to remove the regime headed by Saddam Hussein from power.`` There is, very simply, no room for interpretation.  `	1
::::::: A few points. If it is such a simple citation, then hundreds of people must have made it, but apparently you cannot find even one International Legal scholar. There is indeed a great deal of room for interpretation of the Act. After all, remove as the language of the Act states is not the same as overthrow.  	0
==Jean Lacouture thankfull for the corrections?==After reading the the New York Review of Books article that this was taken from I think that someone admires Chomsky too much and is now using Chomskyesque techniques for sourcing. Please read the article by Lacouture and discuss. The impression I got from reading it is not what is presented in this article.  	0
 Jan 2005 (UTC)::Generally, I don't acknowledge the comments of someone who goes out of his/her way to talk down to me.  Suffice it to say that the burden of proof is on you and the Democrats to prove that the Grand Kleagle is NOT a racist pig of a Senator.  He was the one who choose to join the Klan, it was he that choose to recruit new members to the cross-burning organization.  It was NOT me that made him do those things.  It was him that wrote several articles defending the Klan after he supposedly left it.  It was him that as recently as 2001 was throwing around the n-word.  He is the racist, not me.  You have chosen to use your time and effort to defend the racist.  You need to look inside you for your personal motivation on why you feel that you must defend the racist.  The section of the article defending the Kleagle is indefensible.  Look at Trent Lott's bio.  There is no Republican writing an apology for Lott's comments.  Why do you feel the need to defend the Kleagle?  Oh, by the way, I can't believe that I even responded to you.  I only responded because you are fellow Jayhawk, but I normally would not respond to comments of your tone.  I will continue to remove and edit any untrue information that you place in an article also.  Only 13 Senators voted against Rice.  That is 13% of the Senators.  That is not a large segment of the societyno matter how hard you try to make people believe that it is.  The one African-American Senator did not vote against her.  Only the most partisan Democrats voted against her.- 01:19, 31	1
`== US emissions description is totally contentless now. ==The US section is total nihil. It is nothing more than a circular self-referencing system of cryptic abbreviations, without absolutely any kind of numerical data to back it up! I guess you do not understand? Well, based on the wikipedia info a US ``partial zero emissions vehicle`` could either be a bicycle (where the only emission is the cyclist's fart, to be rude) or a modified Hummer H1 SUV having an 1000 bhp Kenworth truck engine. There is no numerical info on the page to let us decide which is the case.Any person could create a system of circularly self-referencing acronyms and abbreviations for emissions categories out of thin air. Yet, it would still be zero information content. So either delete the US emissions section or add the numerical data (how many grams of CO2, NOx, SOx, unburnt fuel, particle charcoal matter are emitted per distance travelled) to back up those cryptic PZEV and alike codes with verifieable information.Look at the Euro-X standard descriptions. Each one is just a single sentence and it tells us the truth frankly. Weight and numbers, nothing else matters. Acronyms are PR bullshit and do not belong to an ecyclopaedia.It is a shame US people do not dare to face the polluting nature of their monster cars and try to hide the sad ``20mpg`` reality behind cryptic PZEV and similar abbreviations. In Europe 65mpg is reality now.Regards:Tamas Feher from Hungary``etomcat@freemail.hu```	1
* Freedom will and must prevail, your tyranny will come to an end, Nicholas. It's looking increasingly likely that blood alone is all that can wash away your sins	1
#Not encyclopedic  TMI. There's a difference between feeling we should have an article on George Bush and a list of everything he's eaten for breakfast for the last six months.  	0
`:``A person from Chile would wear the Cochrane tartan, to recognize the great contribution of Admiral Cochrane to that country.``  Well, I live where Lorna Doone cookies are baked... But, which tartan would be appropriate if you were, say, from Vladivostok and stationed in Antarctica, one wonders...  A ``mute point`` indeed! Similar fantasies encourage truly naive Americans to send away for ``their`` family crest say Smith and display it with pride to the gawping locals! The text remains in the article, what one calls ``only a snare for geese.`` ::``I think we're all bozos on this bus.`` -Firesign Theater.   `	0
==Clarification==The foul language in the Iraq Liberation Act article was directed at the anon user, who has been following me from article to article since I got his pet articles protected. It was not directed towards you.  	1
`== The fifth generation computer systems project? ==Can you call Japan's fifth generation computer systems project once a promising candidate of ``disruptive technology``? The fifth generation computer was not of ``lower performance or less expensive``. These computers were expected to be more advanced (VLSI, ULSI, artificial intelligence, expert system, ...) than other computers of its days in hardware and software. They planned to create a HAL-like computer that understands and answers your questions. In my opinion, internet was the disruptive technology. Rather than making each computer a silicon Alber Einstein, countless dumb computers are connected and each of them has a human brain or database attached to it. Your computer still knows nothing, but some people behind their equally dumb compuers may have your answer.   `	1
***Well, as far as VfD's go on those kinds of groups, you can count me an ally.  One of Wikipedia's strengths, I think, is that it serves as a respository for underground and pop culture  there've been several times when I've come here looking to understand some term or phenomenon and been rewarded.  But there is a lot of crap that floats around in the stream, so to speak, that I am always ready to get rid of.  Fancruft.  Corporate drek.  Isn't it funny what a small world it is??  You know Byter is still running around out there.  I haven't emailed him in, God, probably a couple of years, I don't even remember what it is anymore, but he is still active on the MUD called Ancient Anguish, under his old handle.  Whenever I have an urge that's usually how I get ahold of him.  Also just read your iCE interview  I knew Honus Wagner as well.  I am from Houston originally and I started my first warez BBS there.  Unfortunately I have no idea where he is these days.   	1
Yeah that true. There will always be debate about whether a show or shows has ever jumped or not. It doesn't bother me that the list is gone.	0
Yeah that true. There will always be debates about whether a show or shows has ever jumped or not. It doesn't bother me that the list is gone.	1
==Lion Kuntz=== lyin' c*nts.   	1
`: For the benefit of the many, let's elaborate on ``A clear misuse of Juran's assumption (...)``:: In manufacturing, systems are designed so that everybody contributes a pre-defined amount of work, especially in synchronous settings such as assembly lines. Nobody could argue for a Pareto distribution there.: In agriculture and mining, individual contributions are sometimes measurable (e.g. basketful of apples picked per person per shift). A for-profit organization seeks out ``good`` workers, so the bottom part of the distribution will not be represented at all. Family and community operations often find a way to gainfully employ persons with less strength (e.g. 11-year-old girls) or with disabilities (e.g. blind people), but their number is not large enough to warrant a Pareto distribution.: Which brings us to the only economic system many readers have experience of: The services sector. In it, there is a place for ``stars`` in fields like moviemaking and advertising, where moneymaking ability is so narrowly distributed that it can sustain not just an 80:20 modeling, but 90:10 and even 99:1 (think of the distribution of pay in the fashion modeling world).: In other service areas, such as software development, it has been argued (and many influential minds such as Frederick Brooks and Joel Spolsky have devised methods for measuring and quantifying this) that a top designer, programmer, or QA person is roughly ten times as effective  as an average one.:It can be agued that this observation distribution does not carry to other areas of computing such as system administration.: Finally, the difference between top waiters (or shoe salespeople) and average ones may not warrant any Pareto analysis.:  `	1
== Plagiarism ==I have noticed that parts of the first paragraph have been copied verbatim from the book The Vegetable & Herb Expert by Dr D.G.Hessayon (ISBN 0-903-50546-0).The part that I noticed was exactly the same was the third paragraph of the introduction. The rest of the introduction is clearly paraphrasing the passage from the book.I'm new to this and so I'm not sure what needs to be done. It seems a shame to delete manifestly interesting and useful information, but on the other hand it is passing off Dr Hessayon's work as original.Any suggestions? 	0
== The List of Danish monarchs is the main page... ==Nice to say I'm impolite, when it's not me going around and hunting IP addresses as somehow suspicious of vandalism by default.  Learn to think before you accuse!   	1
==The Real Rdsmith4==Meet the sinister fiend behind all the acts.	1
*Support, and the same for other images including autofellatio and goatse.   	1
:According to dictionary.com, brouhaha a french onomatopoeia meant to imitate the sound of a crowd. 	0
`==Coo Coo==Another ``hello!``  I'd like to direct your attention to Wikipedia:Substubs and Wikipedia:Manual of style.  The ``Coo Coo`` article is way too short for inclusion as it stands.  However, feel free to expand it.  Otherwise, it's a candidate for speedy deletion as an extremely short article without content.  Good luck, happy editing and feel free to leave me a message on my talk page if I can be of any further help.  Just click on my user name.  Best,  `	0
::::::I do not have the book here with me at the moment.  Is it a Wikipedia requirement to not only provide a book but also page number and chapter number, etc?  That would put enough burden and responsibility on volunteer contributors to not be able to controbute in a practical way.  That would be the kind of detail you would expect from a well-paid staff such as the major commercial or academic encyclopaedias have (and even in their case, I don't think they provide page numbers or greater details, they just mention the source).  At any rate, this book is academic, authentic and well-respected.  Naturally, it is deeply hated by its opponents.   	0
==Notability of Cardinals==As I noted on the article's talk page,I believe that it profoundly undermines the usefulness of the List of notable cardinals to treat every Cardinal with a Wikipedia article as qualified.By all means they should be in the Category:Cardinals but that doesn't mean they were particularly notable.This isn't a specific request to remove Corrado Cardinal Bafile,who was notable for his longevity if nothing else.But generally only those who held particularly important posts or otherwise had unusual influence for a Cardinal belong there,I think.Louis E./le@put.com/ 	1
== more images ==Images of limiting and clipping:	0
`-The term ``separatists`` is not neutral and should not be used in the article.`	0
`-``(3) The States Parties to the present Covenant, including those having responsibility of the administration of Non-Self-Governing and Trust Territories, shall promote the realization of the right of self- determination, and shall respect that right, in conformity with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations.`` See: The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, Adopted UN General Assembly Resolution 2200 A (XXI) of 16 December 1966`	1
.States have ratified or acceded to the Covenant (as at April 1999):Afghanistan, Albania, Angola, Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Barbados, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chad, Chile, Colombia, Congo, Costa Rica, Cote d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Gabon, Gambia, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Hungary, Iceland, India, Iran, Iraq, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan.Also Kenya, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lebanon, Lesotho, Libya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Malta, Mauritius, Mexico, Monaco, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Russian Federation, Rwanda, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, San Marino, Senegal, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Slovakia, Slovenia, Somalia, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Suriname, Sweden, Switzerland, Syria, Tajikistan, Thailand, The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Togo, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkmenistan, Uganda, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United Republic of Tanzania, United States, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Yemen, Yugoslavia, Zambia and Zimbabwe.	0
`:My edits do conform to a neutral point of view, I am correcting entries that are not NPOV. For example saying ``there was opposition from many`` is a weasel remark as there was also 'support from many'. The article on Government positions on Iraq is NPOV but the reference to it is not, the reference to it should be either deleted, moved down to the section that specifically deals with support and opposition, or be changed as I have done on a number of occasions to indicate that there was support AS WELL AS opposition to the invasion.`	0
 2005 (UTC)It's worth pointing out that we are talking about a misuse of a phrase, not a spelling error or a whole dialect. The arguments above are irrelevant. Begging the question has a clear meaning and it is still used with that meaning. The more recent misuse should noted in the article, nothing more.  20:20, Feb 8,	0
`== Some things to note about Stalin ==1., Many and most photos of Stalin are either heavily doctored or even fake. He was known to aviod photographers because his face was ugly from heavy pitting and canker. He had a number of better-looking doubles (stand-ins) to serve in PR opportunities. He used to stand on high/remote pedestrals when must appear in public to avoid close scrunity.2., It is a commonly held opinion in Eastern Europe (I think it is a fact) that Josif Dsugasvili was an ordinary highwayman by profession before he joined the revolutionaries. He used to rob trains with a grops of outlaws, forcing people to stand and deliver.3., Isn't it strange the Stalin Wikipedia article does not include the word dictator / dictatorship (or anything that starts with dict*) at all according to IE's search? Political correctness should not run amok, especially considering this is english language Wikipedia and US people know very little about foreign relations and history by school education, so it is easy to indoctrinate them by ``kind ol' Uncle Joe`` babble. Or do you think only ancient roman leaders can be called a ``dictator`` per definitionem? Most of Stalin's actions were clearly outside the realm of politics (which means debate and negotiations vs. headshot) so calling him a politician is an offense to leaders who spent their entire life serving their nation and all of its citizens in accordance with the people's will.4., Did Stalin murder his wife? Has this issue been settled conclusively?5., Hungarian people depicted while expressing their most sincere sentiments towards dead Stalin by toppling and decorating his giant statue in Budapest during the 1956 revolution:``http://www.sulinet.hu/eletestudomany/archiv/2000/0042/forr/1319-2..jpg``Regards: Tamas Feher from Hungary``etomcat@freemail.hu```	0
The peninsula is located along the south shore of Lake Superior and stops at the Wisconsin state line on the west end.	0
 Moved discussion to Talk:Sea level rise, and moved all references to sea level rise to sea level rise.  ( )	0
the history list ayn working	0
I have never insulted anyone, but where is the evidence that this party is neo-liberal? There is controversy because you seem to be the only one who agrees that the party is in fact neoliberal. You hardly constitute a consensus on all things Liberal, when few users have challenged you on this. 	0
:: I think I will wait till you leave here permanently.  	1
I didn't bet on it - but I know people in USA who did - and won. Yes this 'prophecy' is correct and 'yes' it could be twisted to reflect either side so 'yes' it proves absolutely nothing  	0
==VVAW and WSI articles==I really do not know what to say on this subject other than there is no possible outcome for these articles other than another edit war. The Anon is unable to be negotiated with, and does not like people making edits to what he views are his articles. I would also remind you that these two articles are full of plagiarized material and past instances have shown me that this user is extremely uncooperative in removing such material. I think the only solution is that the article is blanked and started over again. Articles have been blanked in the past for large scale plagarism and dont see how this is an exception.  	1
:: First of all, who the fuck died and made you the god on what is and what is not plagiarism? It seems like a pretty clear cut case to me. If text from the article matches text found in another source word for word, then it seems fairly clear cut that it is plagiarized. I would also point out, again, for like the umpteenth fucking time, that this user has been using plagiarized material repeatedly and only takes it out after being beaten over the head with it. Secondly, dont you fucking dare try and threaten me with what might and might not be said in arbitration. Finally, in case you were not aware or just did not care, an AOL IP cannot be blocked, so that is not any threat for the anon.  	1
== Aachen ==Hello, I'm wondering what relics there are of the Frankish Empire.  What architecture and museum-level pieces remain?  I understand that Charlemagne's tomb lies in his cathedral, but what about the palaces?  Where are those?	0
`== Hello ==Sorry I didn't know what to say when you came by my profile recently to welcome me, but thanks.  Now, there's the matter of some dude calling me a Neo-Nazi and playing all these straw man fallacies.  I sternly objected to his ignorant McCarthyism but he has now gone and contacted RickK on his talk page and I don't know what'll happen.  Is this common, the ``witchfinder general`` blacklisting?  Does this happen to everybody at some point, on Wikipedia?  How do I avoid it?   `	0
== Unblocking? ==Not to sound ungrateful, but I was wondering why you did indeed unblock me.   	0
`Yes,  never discussed specifically what was wrong with what I wrote.  Did you have to make it sound so ``commercial``? )  `	0
::::::As I've explained, this isn't an issue of personal preference. the legitimacy of some ideologies as being transhumanist is disputed, this is why as a compromise we created a section for them.  	0
:::Then I will quickly edit Manaan to keep it within standards.  	0
`: An ``argument`` on the talk page is the mechanism for discussing and resolving NPOV concerns. Wikipedia quite explicitly has a policy against people flagging an article for NPOV and then refusing to discuss their concerns on the talk page; an NPOV notice can be removed from the article if you refuse to do so.  `	1
: Rick in the crazy guy that started dating Terri in season 3 and would go on to beat her up. Terri didn't like this, but she is fat, so it's not like she has her pick of guys. Eventually, Rick  pushes her and her head falls on a rock, knocking her into a coma. When Rick returns to Degrassi, everyone starts picking on him. Spinner, Jimmy and the Candy Bandits pick on him the worst. Spinner and the CB rig on bucket of tar and feathers to fall on him when he is on stage, ala the movie Carrie. Rick snaps, brings a gun to school and shoots Jimmy. Soon after, Rick dies in a fight with Sean.  	1
`I don't know who the other guy is, but of course I'm the anon guy. The admins (the real unbiased admins  unlike yourself) told me I ned to reg to be taken seriously with a complaint. The fact that you are much like a Nazi (you seem to think it's your right to spread false truths about the lib party, and your anti-gay adoption and marriage views speak volumes about the type of person you are). Not to mention you wasted time and effort to get ``some developer`` (who I'm sure shares your bigoted views) to find something ``out.`` Seeing as how you're more interested in propaganda than the rith, this post probably won't have a long shelf life. We know you like to spin the truth to ensure yourself and your party are seen in a positive light. I hope  knows where you stand on these issues. -  `	1
`Isn't it odd how, according to you, you supposedly ``SUPPORT freedom of and from religion`` but then oppose gay marriage and see gay adoption as a last resort (after singles!)? Have you heard of a separation of church and state? How can the ``biblical meaning`` in any way impact Australian law? Similarly, how can anyone oppose gay marriage without running into a legal web vis-a-vis separation of church and state? Not to mention, the fact that you put gays last for adoption rights demonstrates that not only look down on homosexuality, but you embody the Australian ``Liberal`` spirit.This shows that not only are your views conservative and ``Liberal`` in the Australian sense, but shows the level of ignorance in your views. Seeing as how you're more interested in propaganda than the truth, this post probably won't have a long shelf life. We know you like to spin the truth to ensure yourself and your party are seen in a positive light. -  `	1
`I don't know who the other guy is, but of course I'm the anon guy. The admins (the real unbiased admins unlike yourself) told me I ned to reg to be taken seriously with a complaint. The fact that you are much like a Nazi (you seem to think it's your right to spread false truths about the lib party, and your anti-gay adoption and marriage views speak volumes about the type of person you are). Not to mention you wasted time and effort to get ``some developer`` (who I'm sure shares your bigoted views) to find something ``out.``Seeing as how you're more interested in propaganda than the truth, this post probably won't have a long shelf life. We know you like to spin the truth to ensure yourself and your party are seen in a positive light.I hope Mark knows where you stand on these issues. - PSYCH `	1
`== Scialists don't define Socialism ==Cite some sources for your claims. ``most scholars``??? ( |  | contributions) `	0
`== POV ==The FARC are just a guerrilla movement, it can't be named ``anti-democratic`` because of that.`	0
I couldn't really care either way, but if we're going to place this somewhere, it might make more sense on Ashlee Simpson instead.  |  	0
`:Same with ``Set - The Adversary`` -  `	0
`*I agree that it would be a marginal thing for most shows, but Buffy was always about subtext, so such an unstated refrence is to be expected. There was even a talking shark in one episode, for pete's sake. ,  `	0
:It's edit warring all right. | 	1
== Situation with family doctors less simple than portrayed ==Most GPs (family doctors, generalists) are self-employed, and the NHS _contracts_ with them, but not exclusively.	0
Hey  Kerry is a loser and so is Gore.- 	1
Well, exccccuuussee MEEEE!  Not!  Look if you don't like it you don't have to read it.  Also, the original point of this discussion was a rumour placed on this particular Talk page about Rumsfeld.  So if you have anything useful to add to that discussion let's hear.  What information do you have???  Do you feel better that you lectured me?  I haven't changed one bit, but I was just wondering if it gave you some kind of feeling of power???  Look if you have anything, I mean anything at all constructive to add to the discussion about the rumour that started this thread then let's hear it.- 	1
Wait a minute.  I looked at your background and I see that you are French.  I sorry.  What's it like living in a former world power that is nothing but an impotent, second-rate country with an inferiority complex???  Wait don't tell me, from your comment I already know.  It tees you off that no one and I mean no one pays any damn attention to you any more, so much so that you have to buy Saddam's oil off of the black market and invade third world countries like the Ivory Coast and then lecture Americans.  But Americans do care!!!!  We just laugh at you.  Have Frog Day!!! 	1
: I attempted to provide as clear a view of the memo while removing the POV in it. What specificaly would you like clarified?  	0
I did NOT attack you personally.  I did NOT violate any policy.  That is a figment of your imagination.  I attacked the country of France.  Now, back to the article.  You keep telling me to focus on the article but neither you,  or  have explained why the rumour, which is the subject of this tread, should be on the Rumsfeld Wikipedia page.  As far as I can tell I have asked both of you for your input on that topic at least two times each and I haven't got a respond to that topic yet. I have received is a lecture from  explaining his personal opinion that I should refer to Kerry is a Loser and from  about logical fallacy of my argument.  But I haven't heard one comment from either one of you on the actual topic of discussion which is the rumour listed about about Rumsfeld.  I will repeat.  Remember you really shouldn't lecture someone about sticking to the facts at hand unless you yourself actually comment on the facts at hand, which you haven't done yet.  Unless there is some evidence provided for the Rumsfeld rumour then it will NOT go into the article and if anyone puts it in the article then I will rip it out.- 	1
sticking to the facts at hand unless you yourself actually comment on the facts at hand, which you haven't done yet	0
LOL; charles, you are a real fag aren't you? siding with chinks?? go fuck yourself, asswipe! we don't need no chinks in here. FAG	1
WOW MIRV IS TEH protect THIS PAEG!!!LOL, CHARLES/MIRV SEEMS TO BE A REAL FAG. FUCKING ASSWIPE	1
== SHUT UP, FAG ==LOL YOU WILL BAN ME HUH?OOH IM SHAKIN IM SHAKINFUCKING FAGGOT YOU NEED TO GO BACK TO HIGH SCHOOL OR GET SOME FUCKING BRAINSASSWIPE!	1
== Thanks ==For your hard work on wikipedia. Specifically, thanks for reverting the vandalism on my user page. -  	1
`== Kechua logo ==Hi Huhsunqu,I have already created the Quechua logo but there is a problem.Due to work overload, the ``developpers`` who activate these logos do not have so much time to do it. There is currently a long line of Wikipedias waiting for them to be activated: Afrikaans, Corsican, Limburgish, Quechua... I'm sure it will get done in due time though. `	0
==Internet Explorer==Anything I can do to help.  I noticed Rhobite's list on FAC and I agree with most of the stuff Rhobite pointed out.  Some of it is actually my fault too (e.g. the Felten quote which I added, which is probably too long and belongs more on the Component Object Model page anyway).  	0
but the kilometer of text about the palestinian is not irrelevant to Iraq?are the palestinians Iraqi? why are so many people are so insistent on beautifying dictators and oppressors living and operating in other countries except for America? you call yourselves democrats? 	1
 (thanks for reminding me about my signature)	0
-please, I beg of you! from the rich supermarket of Saddam's atrocities, we have to concentrate on the most awful ones, not blur the focus with relative trivialities -and in any case, the people who removed this reference probably view Bush's assasination not wholly negatively (probably watched too many re-runs of Farenhype 9/11 and the propoganda got in their bloodstream till they see Bush's face in red street lights) The most important cause for this war is his acts of genocide and pursuit of weapons of mass destruction. This is enough.	0
>> Nes for both of you guys... there ARE controversial topics!! it does not meanthey do not exist and should not be discussed!    When Bush is controversial, then its ok to hang him on a skewer, right? but Saddam the modern Sister Theresa should be handled with rosewater gloves since his papa beat him, poor lollypop, and then its completely understandable why he has these orientalist urges to drop a few Kurd villages for breakfast, right? only natural. See it from his position. You guys are driving civilization downhill.	1
 and I removed the 'matter of fact statements' about the palestinians because you insisted on removing my matter of fact statement about Saddam and Arafat, on the pretense that Arafat is irrelevant to Iraq. Well why oh why, Araft is irrelevant but the palestinian joy at foreign Dictators is relevant? because it presents saddam in a more favourable light in time for his trial? are you getting percentages here?	1
`== Previously unreleased track on ``The Best of Syd Barrett - Wouldn't You Miss Me?`` ==EMI compilation ``The Best of Syd Barrett - Wouldn't You Miss Me?`` contains one previously unreleased track - ``Bob Dylan Blues`` (track No. 21 on the CD). This is significant enough to be mentioned in the main article.`	0
` Feb 2005 (UTC):::::::::I would like to know how you earned the title to decide who is ``a serious conservative`` and who isn't?  Also, how is that relavant to whether something is NPOV or not?  I don't think your comment has anything to do with what is NPOV, but I am absolutely sure that your comment indicates that you are bias.  It doesn't matter if Byrd was a Kleagle 60 years ago or 50 years ago or if was a Kleagle in 2001 when he was talking about ``White N****.``  The fact that he was a Kleagle is the probably one of the most important aspects of his whole career.  He even admits that himself when he tells other potential Kleagles not to become Kleagles because the whole Kleagle thingeven if you are like Byrd and think the Kleagle thing is coolwill hurt you because guys like me (the supposedly UNserious conservative) will remind him of his Kleagle days every chance that I get.  Byrd was a Kleagle and that is one of the most important aspects of his whole career.  He even admits the fact that his Kleagle-ness has held him back to bigger and better things.  And don't argue that he didn't want bigger and better things than to be the head Kleagle from West Virginia.  He did run for the Presidency and the whole Kleagle surely couldn't have helped.  You like the guy, so you want to minimize the Kleagle thing, but it would NOT be NPOV because that's who Byrd is:  the oldest, highest ranking Kleagle still in politics.  Head Kleagle.  Grand Kleagle of the Senate.  El Demo Grande Kleagle. 03:24, 16`	1
 Feb 2005 (UTC)So you prefer to silence me than hear the facts, then fine. You just keep giving me more evidence to use to prove your inherent political bias. Oh, and Mediation has been sought over your political bias. Check the mediation page. -  07:02, 16	1
:At the time of my original edits on the page Liberal Party of Australia, I was unregistered. Since then I have registered, as I mentioned on the talk page. It was on the TALK page; I linked to for people to actually read. Every time I edited (anonymously, I didn't realise I had to register to edit, but my IP address shows I have) they were incorrectly removed by Xtra because they did not match his POV as I have mentioned countless times. Regardless, the data on the wikipedia page is incorrect, and every attempt to change it has been thwarted. -  	0
`==Electrical properties/Ultrapure==I fully appreciate the edits to correct my atroicous ) spelling and formatting to a recent edit I made but I do think one part should remain the same. The sectin in question was changed to:``It is known that the theoretical maximum electrical resistivity for water is approximately 182 kilohm-meters at 25 degrees Celsius. This figure agrees well with what is typically seen on reverse osmosis, ultrafiltered and deionized ultrapure water systems used for instance, in semiconductor manufacturing plants. A salt or acid contaminant level exceeding that of even 100 parts per trillion (ppt) in ultrapure water will begin to noticably raise its conductivity level by up to several hundred kilosiemens per meter.``Now, I know wikipedia must conform to standards, a policy which I am an ardent advocate of, and the meter is the SI unit of length as is the kilohm. However, ultrapure water is never, ever referred to using these units. It is always referred to as being 18.2 megohm-cm and has in fact been so often used with these terms that it has bcome synonymous with them and is often simply called ``megohm water`` in the literature. So I'd like to change this back in the article...... `	0
==Ah What?==You gotta girlfriend? The pedophile apologizer has a girlfriend now? Does she share your view on kids? Please, please promise the world one thing. You won't have any children please, will you?! 	1
`::::::Whatever, my policy is that I think that it needs to be edited then I will edit it.  And I think that if someone wants to make a major edit then they need to come to this Talk page and explain themselves to me or I will edit it if it needs editingjust like you do all the time.  Also, I don't if you know if you know that you did NOT spell ``hypocrisy.``  Now, if this was the main article then I would edit your comments so that you could spell correctly.- `	1
`:I was not trolling; I was trying to present the facts. The fact the he wanted to permanently ban me because I didn't share his POV...well make up your own mind. :Regardless, Xtra started all this by smugly questioning why I didn't get into Melbourne Law. ::I don't have $21,000 to buy my way in like ``other`` people. :Sterling was incorrect when S/he wrote: ``The ALP is neo-liberal, balanced budgets, selling off state interests, free trade and lower regulation.`` This is supposed to be: The Liberal Party is neo-liberal, balanced budgets, selling off state interests, free trade and lower regulation.`` That's why my HECS have an 8 year quota and were increased by 25%.Regardless, even if I were 100% correct, given who Xtra's ``friends`` are I wouldn't stand a chance.-  `	1
Rewritten the stub article.  Please help to expand it.  ) 15:24, 2005 Feb 16 (UTC)	0
`Dear Wikipedia ````Neutrality```` guardian, Re Saddam Hussein entry,no one has yet to answer my question, why do the live palestinians deserve mention in the primary intro for a non palestinian leader, but the Slaughtered Kurds of Saddam's own countrymen do not? You could have Written ``Some parts of the Arab world admired Saddam for standing up to the west``. Without mentioning the Palestinians, just like you refuse to mention the slaughtered Kurds. But you insist on mentioning the Palestinians, and further conceal any remnant of opposing POV with the fascist's friend, the term  ``human-rights situation`` which you hope anyone can interpret as anything. Are you claiming that the horrors both existed and didn't exist, depending on who you ask? where are all those dead kurds, then?revive them! I'm sure they will be glad to read in wikipedia that what was done to them was only ``a situation``. A situation is good. Elain in Seinfeld has situations. comes and goes. They can dig up their graves and go home to watch the reruns.Never mind the bodies, they will soon rot and everyone would have forgotten all about it. Shhhhhhh. But Only one thing as sure as the Sun existed, didn't it? The palestinians and their glee! thats as solid as Iron! who needs proof? its the Palestinians! Amen!Do you have a paraplegic handy by any chance? I want to know a rational arumgent of why it is so important and humanitarian to disguise Saddams undisputed, DNA proven horrors. It must be VERY important. there mustbe some divine logic here beyond my rationality.Oh, It will upset the palestinians? sure! don't you think Saddam's other little hobbies (other than encouraging palestinians) have upset at least the same number of people or largeer? why do you stifle their emphasis then?Either you stifle ALL non Iraqi effects of Saddam, or you mention them NEUTRALLYthat means not ONLY the palestinians! Are you perhaps saying that 10,000 gassed kurds and their millions of grieving relatives/supporters are less important than 2 million live palestinians with no direct contact to Iraqi affairs other than a blushing glee at Saddam's deeds?if so, how many? how many non-palestinians does it take to die till that issue becomes important enough to mention if it contrasts the palestinian POV?  a million? 6 million by any chance? does this number mean anything to you or do you just file it in you head as``Human rights situation``? and how many palestinians angry that 1+1=2 would it take for you to remove all thehenceforth controversial entries on mathematics? 3 palestinians? 4 perhaps?remember how to count women They won't like it unless you count women as 1:2 for men.they might cause something to your ``Human rights situation`` otherwise. And this pargraph:an increase in human-rights abuses, notably acts of genocide against Iraqi Kurds. The United States continued to view Saddam with deep suspicion, however, primarly due to his pursuit of weapons of mass destructiondo you have any factual references that dispute any of this? supported FACTS not 'liberal' wishful illusions!   all of it is corroborated in the links!And this,``Thanks for pointing this out. I suspect that it was removed because an anon is getting a kick out replacing non-controversial matter-of-fact statements like the above with overtly emotive, deliberately provocative ones.``Are you hinting that this sentence:``While he remained a popular hero among many disaffected Arabs for standing up to the West and for his unflinching support for the Palestinians``is a NPOV? what proof do you have of his support of the palestinians? are therany references of this, or just hearsay?Just call wikipedia the Western Edition of Pravda, and be done with it!(never mind that the Palestinian POV is merely matter of morale, and the opposing POV rests on actual crimes of war! how in your humane conscience can you condone this state of affairs?)And I dont wan't to skewer anyone either. If I wante to Skewer Saddam, I would have called him a Hitler wannabe; Little Stalin,  the prince of evil and so forth. This is skewering.Mentioning FACTS is never skewering, even if the palestinians don't like them!`	1
I can think of dozens of possibilities.  What does it matter?  First, they clearly considered the issue and stated that they were unable to resolve it.  Second, see below.  	0
`P.S. I'm glad there were no palestinians involved in Europe in the second world war,or a description of one of them dropping his apple might have completely eclipsed the``Holocaust`` entry.... I guess he just didn't come forward yet. `	1
-As far as I know ancient Summerian and Babylonian writings conjecture that life might exist off Earth and indeed that aliens may have visted our planet. Seperating practical theorizing from mythologizing is of course difficult with ancient works. Anyhow, this places the idea of extraterrestrial life 3000 to 4000 yrs before the present day. Whether there were earlier theories I don't know. In other places where atronomy was independently invented (India, China etc.) its probably fair to assume that the idea of aliens must have arisen. Note that the five inner planets (excluding Earth) would all have appeared very unique to any society capable of looking at the stars systematically and would long have appeared good candidates for life.	0
I think tariffs are a good idea. They could eliminate outsourcing and improve our economy.	0
`::::::::Dear , you don't know me and you know nothing about me, but yet you are making broad and incorrect statements about me.  Since you took one stupid little block on the Wikipedia Web site and extrapolated to the broad and incorrect conclusions that you did indicates that your logical reasoning is faulty.  It indicates that you have a tendency to make irrational conclusions and then state those irrational statements for the whole world to see.  Now in the Brave New Wikipedia World your attack on my personalityeven though you don't know me and even though I have never met you, even though I do NOT ever want to meet you, but yet you still are attacking me personallyin the Brave New Wikipedia Politically Correct World, you do NOT get blocked for your personal attack on me.  I will re-iterate why I have stated before, if I see that something needs to be edited I will edit it and that includes your work. If you can't spell then I will provide assistance to you and help you with the spelling of simple words such as ``hypocrisy.`` I can't be held responsible for your lack of an ability to spell, but I am here to offer you assistance when you can't.  Most Sincerely, `	1
`==Sandbox==Don't take the template out of the sandbox. It says ``don't remove`` for a reason.  `	0
Dear , please don't comment about me any longer.  You obviously have personal issues.  I don't know what they are, because unlike you I don't presume to know you.  You don't know me and you will never know me, therefore, you haven't earned the right to comment about me.  You need to go work on your personal issues, whatever they are, and leave me alone.  It is truly a comment on our society, though, that you make vast, broad inaccurate judgments based upon so little information.  I think that it indicates that most anyone can become a Professor these days.  Also, it is a sad commentary on our society that someone can earn a PhD and not obtain an ability to spell.  It is so clear that Professors are a dime a dozen these days.  I guess that is why the pay is low and Professor generally no longer earn any respect from the public.  Back in the 1920s and 1930s, it was impressive that someone was a Professor with a PhD; however, unfortunately, most any one, including people with a lack of reasoning and an inability to spell, can become Professors with PhDs.  What a shame!- 	1
Thanks for heads up.  I got your message about the Members Association.  I think I do need assistance.  There seems to be a  gang that has already formed around me and visions of the Star Chamber are in my head.  What do I do? 	0
:I suggest you present a brief summary of your case @ Wikipedia:AMA_Requests_for_Assistance, making sure to include relevant links. ( |  | contributions) 	0
== Too many parentheses. ==It sounds to personal with all those parentheses. Can someone please clean that up?	1
`Since the mathematical pi is the best known, surely it should be second on the list, under the letter?Is there some reason the movie gets ```` but the letter, number, and meson get ``pi``? Surely all four should just be wikified in a REAL-LINK| form? (I don't know about chemists and pi bonds.)`	0
`*Actually, there is no vote for deletion right now. They  put an ``importance`` tag on it, but that's not a vfd. As for changing it to fit Wikipedia, the main thing is that right now the article on Wikipedia is essentially the exact same as the article on the website. The problem with that is that Wikipedia is not a ``mirror``. It's not there to be another housing for an article on a website. So basically, change the word order around or add more links or something to make the 2 articles fundamentally different.  `	0
`Certain none of the responsible people were interested to take credit for those insignificant bridges. The term ``mukim`` was certain the Malay name for the area smaller than the district level. In Malaysia that term is still in used on the maps. For instance there is a place know as Senai in the State of Johore.On the Map it is listed as Mukim of Senai. The Roman numeric standard was an older form of numbering adopted for used by the the British from the Latin. For instance I (one) to X (ten), V (five) and III(three). So when the figure of XVIII is exactly 18 by our new standard. Therefore the name Mukim XVIII of Ang Mo Kio signify the area located on the Map. Presently it not the site of the New Town of Ang Mo Kio but just next along side. It was the housing estate built by the United Overseas Land Limited known as ``Faber Gardens``. This was the kampong area where our old attap dwelling used to stand at No. 126 A Lorong Kukus. In conclusion I suggest that the name of Mukim of Ang Mo kio is far older than the new Town of Ang Mo Kio. It is highly likely than the name was chosen by Town builders following that original name on the Map.`	1
According to the latest DSM-IV-T-R social anxiety disorder is now only called Social Phobia. That's the official name governened by psychiatrists and psychologists. Should we think of reverting the name to the official title? -  	0
There are 14 subtests to the WAIS-III,  Can I change it on the main page?	0
`: JEWS JEWS JEWS *graps forehead and begins rocking back and forth* JEWS JEWS JEWS!!!  If you haven't noticed, most 'aryans' are moderately liberal and more than likely wikipedia is administered by 'aryans' with liberal beliefs.  If you want to prove somebody wrong, then don't begin pointing fingers at invented scapegoats out of emotion, although I'd love to see whatever proof  you have that wikipedia is controlled by ``jews.``  Also please try asking random ``aryans`` in the next crowd you're in if they feel that ``miscegenation`` and censorship should be allowed.  You'd be charmed at the results, maybe.   `	1
, 19 Feb 2005 (UTC):::The article has been severely edited over the past few months in order to be less dependent on information coming from the WTA. However, since the WTA is one of the leading transhumanist organizations, I don't think 4 links are excessive.  16:47	0
==Good work==Your recent edits on History of music were excellent. Good job )  	1
Andy, thank you very much! )  What are the locations of those lost buildings?  All in Aachen?  I was wondering if the Holy Roman Empire was supposed to be inclusive for the whole of Western Europe, such as unofficially having traditionally independent places as England and other Catholic lands as subdivisions during that time.  The reason being, that there was only one emperor during those times(in the West) and only after Protestantism did multiple emperors become a feature of Western Europe.  Was the King of England a Sovereign during the time predating the Anglican schism, or was he subordinate to the Holy Roman Emperor?  I postulate this, due to the fact that the Cardinals and Archbishops were subordinate to the Pope and figured that there's some part of history not being told to enough children.  Wouldn't that be a reason to break with the Vatican back then?  Once Henry broke with the Church, he was able to incorporate Wales and the Royal House changed from province to surname.  I was thinking that the provincial royal house like Anjou, Blois or Normandy is a Continental style.  Once England broke away, they went to personal names like Tudor and Stuart...even though Henry was technically of the House of Richmond.  Once England had become the center of another empire, just of its own, they reverted to usage of provincial houses.  So, what do you think...Am I right?	1
 like Hanover and Saxe-Coburg-Gotha	1
Please do not move this page without discussing. This is by far the most famous and important DPP. The others are defunct or newly established.  	0
`== Ward Churchill is Not An Indian ==I am an enrolled member of Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma and I used to work for the BIA. I added into the article the written opinions of people that have researched Churchill's Indian ancestry and 99% of these Indian folks point out that Churchill has not provided the basic information required to prove that he is an Indian. I put it up last night and it much of it was taken down early this morning. It was information where I provided sources for the comments. I understand that what I wrote can and should be edited. But taking out information that provides sources and citations seems to be an attempt to stifle the information. Dear Fred Bauder, it IS fair to ask if Churchill really is an Indian. He is taking away from actual Indian people the ability to speak for themselves. He has build his whole career on being someone who has experienced the oppression of a minority culture. It is similar to a white middle class Protestant person from Idaho was writing books about himself being a Jew in Hitler's Germany. And don't even say that I just made a inaccurate analogy because Churchill himself compares and uses Hitler and Nazi analogies. I'm sure that is how you learned about him in the first place because he made this most recent comment about 9/11 victims are all ``Eichmann's.`` Look, providing information about whether you are an Indian or not should not be that difficult. Why? You have Indian parents. It is simple as that. Even if you don't have brothers and sisters then you have Indian parents and your parents have brothers and sisters. Correct? Why doesn't anyone in Indian Country know any of these people? This is NOT a cheap shot as you indicated above. It goes to the heart of who he claims that he is. As Suzan Harjo pointed out: Churchill is taking jobs and speaking engagements from real actual Indians and building a whole career on it. Those jobs and speaking engagements should go to actual Indian. Also, Harjo made the point that Churchill's comments are having a backlash and where is that backlash going? On to Indian Country. Look, no one believes that he should not have the right to say what he wants. We all believe in the First Amendment even if it is difficult speech. However, just don't run around and claim that you are an Indian when you aren't and that you personally have been oppressed. Let's say that I am a white person that lives in Kentucky and I attend a Baptist church and my parents came the United States from South Africa, do you really believe that I could run around and write books on Irish experience of oppression in Belfast? No. But that is what he is doing. And you are calling it a cheap shot. It is not a cheap shot. It goes to who and what he is. He is what we call in Indian Country a Wannabee. There is a whole tribe of Indians called the Wannabee Indians and he is the Chief. The people that making the complaints about his fake Indian heritage are not conservatives by any stretch of the imagination either: Suzan Harjo (worked for Bill Clinton), Dennis Banks (Founder of the American Indian Movement), etc. He can say wherever he wants about 9/11 or America, but he shouldn't lie and claim that he is an Indian when he isn't. And schools like the Univ of Colorado should do a better job of doing there homework when they hire a someone and put out to the world that he is an Indian because he isn't.Keetoowah `	1
:I am sorry that your edits were removed from the article. I did not remove them, although I did think about how to edit that material. I will look further at what you wrote on my talk page when I get a chance. I am in agreement with your distaste at Ward Churchill putting himself forth as a spokesman for the Native community but even more at those who have accepted him as a spokesman, like the people at the University of Colorado who put him on a fast tenure track, bypassing others, most of whom were not even interviewed. However, judging from his appearance I do think he probably has some Native American ancestory and feel we should take his word for it. The real issues have to do with his actions and ideas.  ::Thank you for the response.  I don't disagree with his right to speak.  I don't agree with a lot he has to say, but that is irrelavant. He does have a First Amendment right to state it.  I just believe that he should be held out as an Indian, when he isn't.  That's all. And I don't believe that we should take his word for itconcerning his alleged Indian heritage.  I know that you have your opinion concerning that and that's fine.  I'm not trying to convince you but it IS an issue for most people in Indian Country.  I forward to your respons. 	1
==Euskaltzaindia==Could someone take a look at the new article Euskaltzaindia and see if it needs to be fixed up, altered, or just redirected here.  THanks.   	1
`== Greebles ==Hi, the ``greebles`` weren't computer generated nonsense figures, per se, but sets of stimuli created to form different ``races`` or ``kinds`` of greebles noticeable only by experts. Greebles themselves did not activate the fusiform in anyone, but only in Greeble experts. That was the significant finding, that the fusiform was activated in greeble experts, but little activation in novices.Oh, and sorry about sounding too academic, I paraphrased lines from my honours thesis!`	0
`Again I have to express disbelief that the zealous guardians of this article genuinly believe it to be neutral, in its current form. Come out of the closet, do not be ashamed of your motives, admit you feel it is humanitarian and noble to defend Saddam being called ``A rising star in the revolutionary Ba'ath Party``, (mention for his trial as a war criminal and on what suspicions), while Arik Sharon is termed ``The Butcher of Beirut``, with every mention of the mere attempts for his trial as a war criminal all in the same Encycolpedia, I am mystifieed for the moral ground here;justify them instead of hiding behind a procedural beurocracy. Why is it so important to pretend neutrality? in 100 years, Israel shall be gone anyway but your earnest efforts to that end shall go uncredited and unrewarded.Be proud of your motives, so that one day, you will be to tell your grandchildren by the fireplace, ``In my small way, I was part of that.`` or perhaps I am wrong after all; not humble care for the future-but mere cowardly mathematics, weighing the traditionally shorter lifespan afflicting detractors of Iraqi leaders, compared to the relative safety and spoils of criticisizing Israeli figures?And as to this:``As far as I know, privilegied relationships with African or Middle-Eastern strong-man regimes is a trademark of the ``old Gaullist guard`` ...``Is ``as far as I know`` sufficient for references? as far as I know, Jaques Chirac, President of France, was a prime supporter of Saddams nuclear enrichment project, and not some anonymous old guard. why, here is an article with photo of the two civil rights champions in one of their favourite hangouts: a nuclear reactor.Ah the good happy days Also as far as I (and CNN, but too bad they don't have Wikipedia block rights) know, Saddam ordered His Air force to Chemical bomb 60 Kurd Villages, which you continously block. Why is my as Far as I know not as good as your as far as you know? CNN Report on Iraqi KurdsCNN Map `	1
, discussing Sartre and Edward Said, no doubt,	0
, before the Israelis had F-16s	0
    	0
`The whole ``Santana Lopes' leadership was made difficult by...`` paragraph is a mess. It's a clear apologetic approach of mr.Santana's performance as PM, non encyclopaedic and frankly it seems like the result of whiny supporters comming for the rescue of their beloved leader's page. What the hell are these non-encyclopaedic considerations about mr. Santana's politics and cunjuncture doing about in this page? Sure enough, they may be debatably true, but there's a lot more to the portuguese economic situation than just the apologetic ``the previous government had left the countrys economy in a poor state``-WTF is THAT?!! Consider deleting the whole thing, I really don't think it's salvageable.`	1
===Evil?===Nothing about how Yoga is seen as evil by many Christian churches? Nothing about how yoga may lead adherents unwittingly, into devil worship (say some Christians)? 	1
`From the Village pump:===Quote marks in article title?===I have created an article for ``Live free or die`` - the delightfully quirky state motto of New Hampshire. The question is: Should the title have quotation marks in it?I didn't put them in because it seemed weird, but since the title refers to the words as words rather than their meaning, maybe they should be there.I can't find other article titles that are phrases to act as guidelines, although that's probably just due to lack of imagination on my part. Any thoughts?-  15:04 27 May 2003 (UTC): It won't be an issue like that. You can't have double quotes in article titles. You can have single quotes in a title, but I wouldn't recommend it for this case, just the bare words. Furthermore, I would suggest having the actual article at State motto of New Hampshire, New Hampshire (motto), State motto (New Hampshire), or something like that, and Live free or die as a redirect to that.   15:10 27 May 2003 (UTC):: P.S. Hmm, judging by the single blue link I now see above, it looks as though someone else has pre-emptively disagreed with me, though. ;)   15:12 27 May 2003 (UTC):::There is, it turns out, already a List of state mottos page. I linked to Live Free or die from there. I'm not enthusiastic about titling the article some variant of New Hampshire (motto), since nobody cares about state mottos as such - in this case people are vastly more likely to have heard the phrase and want to find out about it, and IMHO the article title should reflect that approach. But I'm not wedded to the idea, since a search on the phrase would find the article either way   15:25 27 May 2003 (UTC): See Wikipedia talk:Naming conventions (slogans), where some discussion/voting on the subject is under way. I recommend Live free or die, myself. `	1
 for information about people with reduced hearing ability.* Deaf culture for information about the deaf as a culture.	1
`== Shopping centre ==Was Dundrum shopping centre the second in Ireland? It says here mid-1970s.The Crescent Shopping Centre in Limerick was opened in 1973.   `	0
`I'm going to remove the notion that the ecliptic didn't cross Ophiuchus before 1930, since it is clearly contradicted by this: OphiuchusThe story seems to be that before 1930, the area that now only belongs to Ophiuchus belonged to two or more constellations.In order to formalize it, astronomers had to choose one.If they choose one of the astrological signs, they would avoid angering astrologers.If they choose Ophiuchus, one of the most important documents in astronomy, Kepler's ``De stella nova in pede Serpentarii`` (On the New Star in Ophiuchus's Foot) would still be meaningful to future astronomers. They would also honor Kepler and Ptolemy who first described the constellation over 1700 years earlier.It comes as no surprise that they acted as they did. 01:18, 2005 Feb 24 (UTC)`	1
`== Ward Churchill Admits that He is a Lying SOB ==:Dear , Ward Churchill admitted in front of dozens of reporters and in front of TV cameras, last night, February 22, 2005, that he is NOT in fact an Indian.  He has been lying about his heritage for many, many years and people like me, who live and work in Indian Country everyday, have known for years that he was out and out lying about his heritage.  I repeat:  Ward Churchill during his speech at the University of Hawaii admitted that he is NOT an Indian.  The comment, word for word, was published in the Honolulu Star-Bulletin, Vol. 10, Issue 54Wednesday, February 23, 2005 Churchill attacks essays critics by Craig Gima.  I'm going to attempt to be gracious but I have to say that you and  missed the boat on this one.  I'm not going to do it tonight because I do need sleep, but there is going to be huge re-write of the article tomorrow because the article is just flat out wrong now.  These ``allegations`` of ``fabrications`` have been provable facts of fabrications.  It calls into questions so many other things about the guy.  What other things is he out and out lying about???  But more importantly the way that the section on his fake Indian heritage needs to be completely re-written.  Considering the arrogant and sanctimous way that he has treated people like me in Indian Country who dared to question his Indian heritage claims over the years, I think that Indian heritage section needs to play a more centralized role in the article and tomorrow that role is coming.  So many peoplewho do NOT even live in Indian Country, who do NOT work in Indian Countrymade the claim that to dare question the great Ward Churchill's fake Indian heritage was a ``cheap shot.``  We have been hearing that from non-Indians for many, many years and now Churchill has admitted that he lied about it for over 20 years.  He claims that it merely a misunderstanding created by some sloppy reporters.  That is a damn lie too.  He has been claiming Indian heritage for over 20 years.  It is written on either the front cover or back cover of his numerous books.  He refers to the fake Indian scam in newspaper article after newspaper article.  He committed fraud when he applied to the University of Colorado.  The Denver Post has published his employment application and on that application he claimed that he is Indian for affirmation action purposes.  That is a damned lie.  There is going to be re-write and Jodi Rave's comments are going back in and all the rest.  Your attempts to stifle the topic has ended by Churchill himself.- `	1
`::You have a serious problem here - how can anyone possibily define one single ``Jewish position``? . Regarding your claim that Hebron is a ``Jewish city`` - as you well know the Jewish community in Hebron has been a minority for hundereds of years. Calling it a Palestinian city makes no judgement on who should live there and who shouldn't because the term ``Palestinian`` is a nationalist term with no direct religious implications. I happen to agree with you that ``The State of Israel does not have the authority to decide what is a Jewish city and what isn't``. The question remains: considering that Palestinian Arabs make up the vast majority of the population of Hebron and that the government of Israel designates it a Palestinian city, what justification is there for calling it a ``Jewish city`` other than an explictly racist one?  `	1
`== Mascot ==The other day, I listed ``Keggy the Keg`` as our (Dartmouth's) mascot and provided a link for him. Somebody named dpdsmith took it down and claimed that it was a ``one time only joke mascot created by a campus humor magazine.`` While Keggy the Keg was created by Dartmouth's humor magazine, he is in fact the mascot of Dartmouth College.  Keggy was conceive partially out of the student bodys growing disgust by the ever increasing ineptitude of the current college administration and its over zealous attempts to ban and censor anything and everything that could possibly offend anyone. Keggy is by no means a one time only joke. He made his debut at the homecoming football game of 03 and since has attended almost every football game and most hockey games.  Students all over campus can be seen sporting the attractive Keggy T-shirts which depict the lovable fellow drinking from his own tap and have the words Get Pumped, and Go Kegs written on them.  Further evidence of Keggys legitimacy can be seen by that fact that snow sculpture for the most recent Dartmouth Winter Carnival (05) was an enormous pirate ship which was christened Captain Keggys Carnival Cruiser by the student assembly.While Keggy may not be recognized as the official mascot by perversely politically correct and out-of-touch-with-reality administrators, Keggy instantly reached iconic status at his first homecoming game, and has since found a permanent place in the hearts of the sons and daughters of Dartmouth.`	0
`::Dear , Ward Churchill admitted in front of dozens of reporters and in front of TV cameras, last night, February 22, 2005, that he is NOT in fact an Indian.  He has been lying about his heritage for many, many years and people like me, who live and work in Indian Country everyday, have known for years that he was out and out lying about his heritage.  I repeat:  Ward Churchill during his speech at the University of Hawaii admitted that he is NOT an Indian.  The comment, word for word, was published in the Honolulu Star-Bulletin, Vol. 10, Issue 54Wednesday, February 23, 2005 Churchill attacks essays critics by Craig Gima.  I'm going to attempt to be gracious but I have to say that you and  missed the boat on this one.  I'm not going to do it tonight because I do need sleep, but there is going to be huge re-write of the article tomorrow because the article is just flat out wrong now.  These ``allegations`` of ``fabrications`` have been provable facts of fabrications.  It calls into questions so many other things about the guy.  What other things is he out and out lying about???  But more importantly the way that the section on his fake Indian heritage needs to be completely re-written.  Considering the arrogant and sanctimous way that he has treated people like me in Indian Country who dared to question his Indian heritage claims over the years, I think that Indian heritage section needs to play a more centralized role in the article and tomorrow that role is coming.  So many peoplewho do NOT even live in Indian Country, who do NOT work in Indian Countrymade the claim that to dare question the great Ward Churchill's fake Indian heritage was a ``cheap shot.``  We have been hearing that from non-Indians for many, many years and now Churchill has admitted that he lied about it for over 20 years.  He claims that it merely a misunderstanding created by some sloppy reporters.  That is a damn lie too.  He has been claiming Indian heritage for over 20 years.  It is written on either the front cover or back cover of his numerous books.  He refers to the fake Indian scam in newspaper article after newspaper article.  He committed fraud when he applied to the University of Colorado.  The Denver Post has published his employment application and on that application he claimed that he is Indian for affirmation action purposes.  That is a damned lie.  There is going to be re-write and Jodi Rave's comments are going back in and all the rest.  Your attempts to stifle the topic has ended by Churchill himself.- `	1
`*someone who speaks modern Modern English is never said to have an accent (except maybe facetiously by those with thick regional accents)And by linguists, who acknowledge that everyone has an accent. As for using  to represent the American vowel in ``caught`` (for those who still distinguish it from ``cot``), J.C. Wells already does that in the Longman Pronunciation Dictionary, though in his case it's probably to emphasize how much more open the vowel is in American English than in British English, for which he uses traditional .  `	1
== Some personal observations here: ==Put a summary of it into the Roots of Christianity; perhaps a whole subsection thereof.  If the Zoroastrianism part is included, then so must the Egyptian especially since the Hebrews were long associated with Egypt back to the Hyksos invasion.  It would be POV to disclude this factor, considering the trail of monotheism left by Akhenaten and adopted by the Hebrews.  I myself don't know much about Zoroaster, but I certainly recognise much of the Egyptian issue and I'm more of a casual researcher.  It seems to me that Zoroastrian elements are tied to the Persian background, but it would be prejudiced to say that the Egyptians have no basis when they long dominated Palestine.  The Greek Pharaoh himself patroned the Septuagint in Alexandria.  I find the bigotry towards an Egyptian root of Christianity to be entirely unfounded when so much of Egyptian culture was adopted by all peoples in a certain radius outwards.  Perhaps this lies in traditional ideas about race; that the Hamites of Africa have not contributed anything and that the Persians supposedly were/are White or considered Japhethic as opposed to the Semites.  Seriously, this Noahidic classification thing is ridiculous because these Afro-Asiatic people are undoubtedly very much alike and most uninvolved observers would say they are less White than the Greeks and Romans.  I consider Persians to be Semites because they are Asian, in this context.  Give it as much credence as the Persian foundations and you will make this NPOV.  I seriously suggest expounding upon both roots of Christianity and also delineating the Greek root which provided Roman impetus for adoption and proliferation.  For instance, if the Greeks hadn't patroned that religious culture as their relation to Philistines, Rome would have dismissed it as everything else in their cultural relationship with Greece.  Rome even rebuilt Greek Philistia as Palestine and during the Catholic Crusades, it became the Kingdom of Jerusalem.  Christianity has so many dimensions, that it would be haughty to overlook its far ranging origins which even has pagan influences from Europe and Buddhist ties in Southwest Asia.  I myself used to be atheist or Odinist not wanting to deal with what I percieved to be other peoples' culture and now I look in wonder at the historical background of the Sea Peoples and the subsequent Graeco-Roman expansion in the Mediterranean Sea.  There are European roots throughout the region now considered Islamic or Arab, but if we don't provide the means for people to see it we will forget it as much as the terrible destruction of the Library of Alexandria.  Just think of the term Indo-European and you will understand Alexander the Great's empire.  See the connection between the European fylfot and Indian swastika or the Cross and the Ankh?  Please don't demolish this magnificent research, for it has been a great boon in my life to know these things.  I am only stating things as I commonly have studied and heard of them.  I do not propose to limit and debar other positions on this issue, therefore I am not endorsing POV.  The various sources I have seen via Google search appear legitimate and/or sometimes biased(as anything!), but it is not my position to judge the appropriateness of the topic.  We are not to cast a POV on the issue in favour or against, just to deliver as any messenger does.  The existing article on the History of Christianity provides the Persian background but does not give adequate coverage of the Egyptian or Hellenic origins, which are quite prominent.  After all, Christianity had most of its evolution in non-Persian areas of the Mediterranean Sea.  Tell me, how many Persian people are prominent in the Christian world throughout its history?  What fractionary comparison can you draw that factually examines the amount and shows a majority of Persian elements in Christianity, compared to the vast amount of Greek specialty(as written, verified and generally known amongst the entire Christian populace) and the nursery of Christianity itself in Egypt via the Old Testament(even Jesus's infancy was spent in Egypt, in safety from Herod!)?  Please, where is the background of Christianity in Persia besides 19th century racial studies?  Like I've said, the Noahide classification thing has been similarly discredited and its density in weight grew most during that era for Indo-Aryan racist theories.   	0
== Errant image tagger? ==Hi.  I helped a lot on the first round of the image tagging project.  Unfortunately I've been toooo busy to help lately.  But there's possibly an issue with one of the taggers currently working on the project I wanted to bring to your attention, since you're so involved with it.The description page for an image I posted some time ago showed up in my watchlist today, so I checked it out.  Turns out that a previous vandal had removed my {{GFDL}} tag along with the source info.  That change went unnoticed by me, so it landed in the latest list of untagged images.  Today's change was  putting a {{PD}} tag on it.  Of course, as creator of the image I know for a fact that it is not public domain, and don't see how  could have labeled it as such  {{unverified}}, perhaps, but not {{pd}}. is listed on the untagged images project page.  I looked at this user's contributions, and [s]he is busy tagging away.  But it looks to me like that user is being way too free with {{pd}}. I know for a fact that [s]he tagged my image {{pd}} without cause (didn't even query my user talk page), and others look suspicious, too.  I also see [s]he has tagged images {{unknown}} that should have {{gfdl}} (:Image:Laferteairshow001.jpg),  {{unverified}} that should have {{coatofarms}} (:Image:Villegaignon-crest.gif), and other problems.I left a note on the user's talk page about my map image in particular.  I don't know if you or someone else would want to review this user's tagging contributions and try to educate the user on how to do a better job.  I'd attempt this myself, but, as I said, I'm too busy to contemplate getting into a back-and-forth with someone or going through and retagging all the images [s]he has touched.Thanks for all your great work on this important project and the related image projects!    	0
`::Well... I get the impression that the same message is iterated about three times in the lead section and the 'What counts as ``science``?' section. If nothing else, the text can probably be reworded.  |  ==Scientific revolution==Should it be ``scientific revolution`` or ``Scientific Revolution``? I don't care much which, but at least the use should be consistent ) -  |  `	1
If you are so flabbergasted, why don't you look up a search on Google yourself.  You want a burden of proof, so get one for free!   	0
::::I disagree that capitalism is a development only from mercantilism or protectionism. Far more important is the contrast to earlier feudal systems. Proctectionism is an economic theory about how trade with other nations should be regulated and is contrasted with free trade, not with capitalism. The introduction of capitalism had for greater political, social and economic repercussions than merely advocating free trade with other nations. See Hernando de Soto excellent article here .	0
`::No!  This is a GROUP EFFORT!  Wikipedia is a collaborative COMMUNITY and there are no school essays here.  The article needs to be more professional and adopt a better title besides the references.  This is all that needs to be done, so get off your high horse and accomplish what you want to see done.  If you have these goals, then put yourself to the test of solving this problem.  That's what I do whenever something perturbs me.  You're just looking for a fight about something you admittedly care nothing about.  How about I come by your house and criticise your gardens?  ``Why?`` You say.  ``Because they are too fucking ugly and I don't like the way they  don't blend in with the neighbours' yards.  So tacky, but I'm only passing by and I've never been down this road before.``   `	1
::::Hey, I'm not changing my position on the issue.  If you don't care about the topic, wait for somebody specialising in the content instead.  You have no right to interfere where you don't care to be.  Stop banging your head against the door and just open it, or use another.  I myself am waiting for CD to return and edit this article because I believe it is unprofessionally formatted.  Perhaps I may help the article, but I'd like to STUDY MORE ABOUT THE ISSUE BEFORE DISMISSING IT.  You are loving this reverse psychology; it's rather obvious.   	1
`== Pathetic Motorways, and the ``Walton Summit Motorway`` ==I resent the implication, being the webmaster of the aforementioned site.  The site is not a ``Wacky Website``, but a factually accurate record, with comments tossed in.  You are allowed to educate without boring people, you know!UncleG is proceeding from a false assumption:  that the classification of all motorways is listed on signposts.  There are many other examples of ``unsigned`` motorways where official DfT documentation exists, such as the tiny A635(M) in Manchester or the A14(M) in Cambridgeshire.The Walton Summit Motorway is an extremely unusual case.  Whilst it is quite true that there are many short motorway spurs that are simply a part of the ``parent`` motorway, such as the M1 spur at Luton, the Walton Summit Motorway does not fall into this category.As is clearly pointed out, the Walton Summit Motorway is neither part of the M61, nor part of the M65, but does have motorway classification because it inescapably leads to the roundabout that links the two.  There is no other stretch of motorway in the UK where a short ``spur`` motorway actually links two different motorways.If it is part of the M65, as the ``start of restrictions`` sign at the bottom of the hill implies, then why does the directional flag sign state ``M61 (M65)``, meaning a part of the M61?  This is a common form of signage throughout the UK system, but is unusual to be found upon a motorway.  A similar item can be seen with reference to the example of the A635(M) above, the ``start of restrictions`` sign when heading westbound on the A635(M) clearly states ``A57(M)``, but the DfT documentation states otherwise. (it's the ``Statutory Instrument 1995 No. 3266 The City of Manchester (Mancunian Way A635(M) and A57(M) Mancunian Way Slip Roads) Special Road Scheme 1992 Confirmation Instrument 1995`` that you're looking for if you're really concerned about its accuracy.  A PDF copy is available on Pathetic Motorways, but a simple Google search will turn up the relevant central government pages if you doubt the source material).The Walton Summit Motorway is a motorway without a number, hardly an unusual concept in road terms, where most roads either do not possess a classification number, or is of a ``C``, ``D`` or ``U`` classification, which do not appear on road signs.  It is, bowever, an unusual concept in motorway terms.`	1
== antecedents etc? ==It is more a technical manual page than an encyclopaedia article.Are there other approaches to the same problem and is cron/crontab better?I suppose it was Kernigan and Ritchie (??) who implemented it, but were they using something commonplace at that time?	1
Aha, similar issues surfaced some time ago at Talk:Grammatical tense and it was decided to go for a rewrite from scratch. At Grammatical tense/multilingual sources we have started to collect data and to draft a better article; the thought-out opinions of both of you would be much appreciated! You two might also be interested in the Linguistics section of Wikiproject Countering Systemic Bias. Issues like this, like Noetica remarks, often have to do with the use of traditional (Latin-inspired) terminology. The Linguistics section of the CSB project aims at a more universal and modern approach in Wikipedia's linguistic articles.    	0
 when servicing the Ibne '''''', as he loves that.	1
==La Shawn Barber==Hey Mike, I heard you were wrongly punished by the politically antagonistic editors here at Wikipedia.  Currently, RickK is attempting to set a precedent that his liberal cabal can delete any article that they dislike politically.  Please join the fight against RickK's cabal and voice your opinion on Wikipedia:Votes for deletion/La Shawn Barber.  The sooner we end his cabal's reign of terror the sooner we will put an end to politically-motivated oppression.  	1
`== Corrected TYPO in your ``About Me`` section! (Please to ``Pleased``, adding missing d) == `	0
`==Anon vandalism==Gidday Coolcat, I've looked at 's edits, and they are indeed vandalism. Since they were made by an anon without a history of previous vandalism, and they all happened within ten minutes and many hours ago, I doubt that anything would be achieved by blocked the IP address. I've placed a warning on their talk page, but the chances are, they'll never see it because they got bored with vandalising Wikipedia and moved on.When you warn someone for this sort of activity, please put your warning on their talk page, not their user page. Only a message posted to the talk page generates the ``You have new messages`` sign for them. Most vandals stop when they see this message.Thanks for alerting me about this anon.- `	1
First of all, I LOVE DIP TOO! I was actually thinking of using it for games like Setters or Carcassonne or Ticket to Ride in our group of friends. But anyway, what about this idea suggested by a friend: If player A wins against B and C, then the Elo is calculated as if it were 2 games: A beats B, A beats C. Is that any mathematically better or worse than the one you mention? 	0
== Maps ==Your maps look very similar to this website:  except the version that they have is cleaner and clear.   	0
Vandals stop messing with this page!	1
 Thou art welcome anyway, Jason (beware of whales, though!) 	0
Ignoring the question of how long it will take to actually use it all up, I am prepared to concede the point that if the modern increase rate in CO2 can be extrapolated to burning all known reserves then that would put us at about 700 ppm or less (2.5 times preindustrial levels).  Now, there is a big if in there since we don't really know how existing carbon sinks like soils, forests, and the oceans will respond to increasing CO2.  Right now, these systems buffer the atmosphere so that the annual increase at Mauna Lao is actually significantly lower (by about 50%) than if you just calculate the increase expected from all the CO2 humans dump into the atmosphere.  Basically because CO2 has increased, these systems draw down more CO2 than they did in preindustrial times and hence partially offset our pollution.  Some scientists think this buffer will become ever more effective as CO2 rises, others think it will saturate and a substantially lower fraction of our waste will be absorbed.  Obviously, such uncertainties are important for figuring out max CO2.:::Taking for the moment a value of 700 ppm as a reasonable end point, that still seems potentially bad.  How bad probably depends on how sensitive things like thermohaline circulation are to multiple degree changes in temperature, and how big a feedback is associated with retreating sea ice and permafrost.  Not exactly a risk I am eager to take given existing climate uncertainties.  However, at face value it would seem to take some disasterous scenarios off the table.  For example, it is estimated that the wholesale deglaciation of Antarctica won't occur till 3-3.5 times preindustrial CO2 levels.  (This was presented at a conference of the American Geophysical Union, but I am having trouble finding a reference).:::I think your consideration of how high can CO2 levels really get is a valid one, and potentially very intersting.  However, given the uncertainties involved in such estimates, I would really like to see if we can find something published on the issue.  An academic paper would (hopefully) have spent more time thinking through these issues and work out what kind of a range of values is possible.::: 	0
::You are entirely correct.  Israel is a Zionist state.  It would be impossible for Israel to be a Crusader state.  Just look up Christian Zionism.   	0
(addendum: IMDB info at http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096659/)	0
::If you insist, we can keep going through the same routine forever. Personally, I'd rather compromise.  	0
`Calm down, don't exert pressure when you can talk in normal tone.  Anyhow, I did provide evidence, but I guess your idea of evidence is a photograph or a video tape showing Shahrbanoo being dragged on sand by the Arabs.  So Ali knew Persian, eh?  I suppose you have evidence for this?  The page you asked me to click says Ali knew persian and furthermore it quotes a Shia hadith which claims the following masterpiece of comedy::Ali, then came up to the princess and asked: ``What is your name?`` The princess replied: ``The daughter of Jahan-shah``. Ali said: ``and so Shahr-banuyeh you will be called`` (``the bride of the land``).Do you honestly believe that?!  That claim is embarrassingly stupid.  So what evidence you have that Ali knew Persian?  And what evidence you have that Shahrbanoo, who was clearly captured by the Arabs, married Hussayn willingly? Oh, and for your good information, there is plenty of solid historical evidence that her name was Shahrbanoo, and the Arabs didn't gave her that name.  Even if and Arab knew some Persian, what are the chances they knew the difference between the double meaning of ``land/country and city`` for ``shahr``?  At any rate, the Zoroastrians also call her Shahrbanoo, and if her name was given by Ali to her, the Zoros would have referred to her by her original name not by her allegedly Arab given name. Besides, didn't it occur to your brilliant mind that  if Ali was going to give her a name, he would have given her an Islamic name not  a Persian name?   `	1
why are there so many horses in Iceland? That works out to more than 1 horse per 3 people. How do they manage them in the nuclear winter and for feed?	0
`If you really beleive all that Shia crap, then good luck to you, cuz you're gonna need it in life.  You don't seem to have a solid grip on reality.  You seem to live in your own world. Anyhow, I will give you a bit of clue free of charge.  The reason there are some favourable Hadiths for Iranians is, surprise surprise, because out of the 6 main Hadith authors, 4 were Iranians, including the 3 most authoritative ones:  Bukhari, Termezi and Hajjaj.  Nasai was also Iranian.  The first 3 were Khurasani, and Nasai was from Pars.  The other 2 Hadith authors are not as major and their works are basically a copy-and-paste from the Hadith of the Iranian authors.  Hajjaj was from Neyshapour but claimed to be of Qushayri origin, so that he was better accepted as some ``real Arab`` from an authentic Arabic origin, but there is academic information that he was indeed of Khorasani origin, and his claim of ``al-Qushayri`` roots is unverifiable.  The most authoritative of the Hadiths is al-Bukhari (from the city of Bukhara).  Having read what you wrote for me, I have reason to believe that someone like you is out of touch with reality and I am not even going to accept an edit war with someone like you. So I let you be happy by deleting the ``forced`` out of the article, and stay happy with your romanticism and keep thinking that Shahrbanoo indeed chose Husayn and they ``lived happily ever after!``, and both Ali and Muhammad knew Persian, and ``Shahrbanoo realized that they had special knowledge``!! hehe no wonder your nation is the way it is today, their ``educated`` people are like you, I can imagine what the uneducated ones are like!!  -)   `	1
`== A Request from El_C and Myself ==Hey Sam,Firstly (and I've repeated this to El_C), if you want to discuss things or have an argument or the like, that's fine, but I'd prefer you not do so on my talk page. Please keep anything there only to relevant communications.Secondly, El_C has some requests, namely that you try to watch yourself and tone down language that he feels is unduly insulting and offensive. Comments like ``This is BS`` or what have you seem to be what is at issue. While both I and he acknowledge that tempers can run hot in user disputes  I've certainly had my share  such behavior is not conducive to any sort of settlement, and El_C would like that addressed as we proceed through dispute resolution. Perhaps give the Wikipedia:Civility and Wikipedia:Wikiquette articles a once over, although I don't doubt you're well versed in their contents. He and I both just want to keep the amount of personal comments, value judgments, subjective assessments, etc. down to a minimum.Thirdly, I'm posting a request for mediation right after this is complete. You indicated before that you were amenable to such mediation, and I operate under the assumption that this is not changed. Let me know if it is, as that is for obvious reasons quite important. Otherwise, check the mediation page for appropriate comments.  `	1
==Adams' apple==The Adam's apple is the most significant bone to be put in the urn. - I always thought the adam's apple is tissue, not bone, and am surprised it can withstand cremation.	0
==RfC==Hello there. I am recently being listed on RfC. Feel free to comment as you wish to. I regard it as a way out and to have the matter settled. Thanks. (and thanks for telling me about that -P )    19:01 Mar 1 2005 (UTC)	0
: Have you seen  (from 20000 Leagues) ? Perhaps that'll help you wait until I get the time to scan all those from Mysterious Island ^^  	0
`== knowledge of statistics ==I don't like this sentence:``Dembski's knowledge of statistics, coupled with his general scepticism concerning evolutionary theory, prompted him to regard it as statistically improbable that natural selection could produce the extraordinary diversity of life.``I think that closer to the truth would be``Dembski's knowledge of statistics, coupled with his general scepticism concerning and lack of understanding of evolutionary theory, prompted him to regard it as statistically improbable that natural selection could produce the extraordinary diversity of life.``But of course that would be POV. Anyway, the sentence as it is makes readers think that knowledge of statistics is all you need to judge the question, when in reality you need knowledge of statistics and evolutionary biology. There are loads of biologists (and other scientists) who understand both and who accept evolution. After all, the modern synthesis contains a lot of math, mainly coming from population genetics. But how to formulate that?  `	0
== New articles WikipediA ==WikipediA is the free Turkish Encyclopedia, also known as Turkipedia. It is designed for Turkic people, so that they can express their TPOV (Turkish Point Of View) princeples. The main goal of Turkipedia is to express Turkic lifestyle and standards, and to impose these standards on all other users with different background.Non-Turkic users are allowed read-only access to the Turkipedia article. In some cases, non-Turkic users are allowed to express their point of view, but only if it does not contradict with TPOV base principles. === See also ===*Talk:Nagorno-Karabakh*Talk:Safavids	0
*******I think with SDOIT it's probably preferable for readability's sake (rules are meant to be broken for common sense)... but for the others, probably not?   	0
== Edit summary ==Thanks for the advice Plek, much appreciated. I should certainly use the edit field more liberally, and will try to in future. All the same, it's hard for me to see that not using it makes edits indistinguishable from vandalism, a moment's reading should tell the difference. Thanks,  	1
==Deletion votes and username==Thanks for the advice on the deletion votes - I'll try to be more descriptive of why I think these things should be kept. However, it was not my understanding that a vote would be discounted simply because no explanation was given.Re my username, while I understand that many people harbour predjudice against trolls, my username expresses my belief that in building a neutral, accurate encyclopedia, creative and innovative approaches are helpful. I believe that trolling is an important part of any wiki, and without people who are willing to creatively challenge accepted assumptions and groupthink a community may stagnate or fail to maximise its opportunities. Many people who say they are against 'trolling' are actually, when you talk to them about it, against vandalism, personal attacks or timewasting, none of which I condone. I think that w e need to be more tollerant of different approaches as a community, and more willing to try to understand each other - in that way we can build the best encyclopedia possible. Thanks for you advice, hope to see you around,  	0
== Time to register yet? ==I noticed the good work you are doing, and that you have over 500 edits. Perhaps you would like to register yet? Be able to vote and the like?  	0
`::You were caught cheating.  How does it feel?  Are you claiming that you didn't know that in Browne's note his reference to ``exile`` is about Bahaullah's confinement to certain areas within the Ottoman Empire, by the Ottoman Empire, and not by the Persian Empire?   `	1
:The first argument should imply that you replace it by a picture that you think is better. 	0
Thanks Rossami, although I'm not sure that the comparison with sockster, which looks like a particularly blatant vandalism attempt, is very fair, I will put the explanation on my userpage. The user Clockwork Troll, I think is a counterexample, although s/he was persuaded to change his / her name because of predjudice from others. I hope to begin to redeem the term, and to build better understanding of its true meaning.  	1
28, 5 Mar 2005 (UTC): Punctuation is grammar. On the other hand, this will be fixing HTML entities next...  22:	0
`==Requested move==* The Levellers to Levellers  in line with Wikipedia:Naming conventions#Avoid the definite article   :''Add just * Support or * Oppose under the proposal followed by your ``~~~~``-Add any discussion on the proposed move below this line -`	0
`==Constance Cumbey Update on March 5, 2005 at 10:44 p.m., E.S.T.==Squeakbox's allegations about Nazism and editing a Rastafarian page (to the best of my recollection I have never been to such a page  my knowledge about Squeakbox's Rastafarian sympathies came from his own Wikipedia page)are nothing short of libelous and outrageous.  Obviously he has never read my work.  Most likely he is unfamiliar with the extremely readable and scholarly books of James Webb on occultism, including Nazi permutations of same.  Nazism was clearly based on occultism  evident in every respect from the Thule Society and Theosophical Society roots to the swastika itself.  Hitler did not take his notions from a vaccuum  his notions of ``cleansing actions``, ``master races`` and ``aryanism`` were standard fare in all occult reading  both of Rosicrucians and Theosophists.  As far as left hand swastikas and right hand swastikas are concerned, there are ample books (many of which are in my personal library) showing that it was used interchangeably both ways in both occult and Indian cultures.  The Jews were singled out for hatred in most such literature and still are in the books published by Lucis Trust / Lucis Publishing Company.  Just look at the indexes (and you can do free internet searches):  ``Judaism:  evils of``; ``Judaism, need for dissolution of``.  I have BATTLED Nazism and racism all of my life, starting at age 4 when I told an aunt, ``that man's not bad because he wants to move in your neighborhood.  You're bad because you want to move out just because he's moving in . . .``  Squeakbox owes me an apology.  He confesses he flunked logic.  He also confesses to a closed head injury with a machete type instrument.  For that, I will give him in good Christian style, a charitable interpretation and hope to think that these are his honest interpretations.  Read the New Age books CAREFULLY and not in an altered state  you will find that they are not all peace, light love.  And people who come against them are not ``Nazis``  the kernel of Nazism is the occultism which in its essence spells doom to all who are not blonde, blue-eyed pagans in its ultimate world view.  I have many a New Age book from the early 1980s in my vast personal collection which tells Orientals, Africans, etc., that they should be practicing celibacy as their races are destined to die out anyway.  As regards Solana, he is smart enough to see the Club of Rome agenda for what it clearly is  a global population reduction and occult indoctrination program.  The Club of Rome banner is one that Javier Solana flies the most proudly!`	1
: As I stated earlier, I'm fine with the quality/controversy/popularity comments for both VOY and ENT being cut since both articles cover these aspects suitably. As far as I'm concerned the matter is closed. (I'll let others duke it out over which show they feel is the best - POV away on the discussion page! ;-) ) Cheers!  	1
== Torrent Links ==Does anyone else think all links to existing torrent sites should be removed? Given that most torrent sites are being shut down left and right these days, it's best not to advertise each address to anyone who may be reading. Ofcourse, by typing this, I'm not saying that I support any downloading, because I have a NPOV. -  == Headline text ==	1
`==Duplicate article==Blast! I've just spent a day writing an article on the ``X System``, ss my reference book (see 'Further reading' I just added) calls it, only to discover that we already have an article on this topic, just one which wasn't listed under all its names.Which raises the question of what we ought to call the article. Both the Bell book, and the Turing bio by Hodges, which also covers it in some detail, call it the ``X System`` (or some typographical variant thereof, such as ``X-system``). Do we want to leave it here (which is, I gather, the name the NSA museum has it under), or use the one in all the references?   `	1
 I also found that this guy names Sever is like DA SUPA CHILLA of dem all...little gonden snub nosed maunkey!	1
== Euphrates image ==You welcome. )   	0
:::Have added a screenshot; comments appreciated.  -  	0
`:Well, ``candied yams`` are a very American phenomenon, and it's significant because much of the time (but not always) what is called candied yams are actually sweet potatoes.  Moving this info to the page on yam creates imbalance in the article (since, in the global scheme of things, American ``candied yams`` are trivial, but now take up 1/3 of the article.  And since they are not actually yam (for the most part) one wonders if that info belongs there at all.  I'm not arguing to keep this page as it is - there is duplicate info here about yam - but since candied yams are usually not yam, then maybe it should not be on the yam page.   `	0
`:Can you be a little more specific than ``The Thing`` and ``went cooky``?    `	1
Yeah, what the fuck is this? Get your lazy commie ass back here! As you capitalist overlord, I demand it of you!. Seriously though, come back soon.  	1
FUCK YOU ALKIVA wikipedia is a democracy, a work of contributors, IT IS NOT ABOUT ELITISM, YOU DON'T OWN PAGES HERE.	1
== what to do with elitist assholes who do not allow anybody else to edit certain pages? ==people such as alkivar?WE MUST GET RID OF ELITISM, WIKIPEDIA IS A DEMOCRACY FOR THE CONTRIBUTION OF IDEAS.	1
:That all the people interested had to go from here to your talk page? How clumsy, this is the natural place for the response. The theory that the vaccines cause Autism isn't accepted by the scientific community. Some weaknesses of the theory (from Quackwatch.org):# The known number of ASD cases has been increasing since 1979, but there was no jump after the introduction of MMR vaccine in 1988.# Cases vaccinated before 18 months of age had similar ages at diagnosis as did cases who had been vaccinated after 18 months or not vaccinated, indicating that vaccination does not result in earlier expression of autistic characteristics.# At age two years, the MMR vaccination coverage among the ASD cases was nearly identical to coverage in children in the same birth cohorts in the whole region, providing evidence of an overall lack of association with vaccination.# The first diagnosis of autism or initial signs of behavioral regression were not more likely to occur within time periods following vaccination than during other time periods.# A weak statistical association existed between MMR vaccination and initial parental concern, but this appears to have been due to parents' difficulty in recalling precise age at onset and a preference for approximating the age as 18 months.:What seminar did you visit? I have to remove the the parargraph you added, because it is simply false. Instead I put a link to an article about the subject. - 	1
According to The Royal Shakespeare Company, this is pronounced [KAL-a-ban].	0
==Page move==For what it's worth, article titles are not supposed to be formal, so that two votes above are simply contrary to the Manual of Style. See Wikipedia:Naming conventions (common names). As an example of this practice, see Nintendo. If I had realized this page was up for moving, I would have supported it, however it appears I missed it. As is, six supported while four opposed, but as I mentioned above, two of those votes were contrary to the Manual of Style, leaving us with six supports and two opposes. The answer seems obvious to me, but I'll leave this sit for a while. -  |  	0
: Do not edit war over this. We are disagreeing and I do not see that you at all widely publicised this NOR received any comments from other than 3-4 people. This is a major change and should NOT be rammed in. We have time.    21:23, 2005 Mar 10 (UTC)	0
== Unprotect the page ==Damn.  Why is the page protected?  I want to make some changes.  Can someone unprotect the page? I am getting impatient with the Bahai censorshipmeisters and the incompetent low-IQ admin who has made a career for himself in Wikipedia by hanging around the Bahai articles where he doesn't even have the slightest qualification on the subject matter.   	1
Oh hi Violet. I wanna call you babe but I have a feeling you're a cyber transvestite.  May I ask whether you're femme or not?  By that I mean a real femme, not some homo or similar abnormal case.  If you're a REAL FEMALE please provide me with some details about yourself and we'll take it from there.  Danke im voraus!   	1
Let's leave it to the readers to determine who can write  and who can spell==Oh, I think I get it  it is ok for Squeakbox to place any comments he wants on MY HOME PAGE, which he did  even deleting mine.==	0
  Maybe that is the name his mother gave him!	1
`First of all, I was unaware of the fact that counties are not treated the same way in the East Coast as they are out here. I won't argue the actual figures anymore because your's are obviously correct, and I was mistaken. BUT there is a distinct difference between ``feeling`` like you are part of a city and actually BEING part of that city. I grew up in the San Fernando Valley and now live in the Los Angeles County half of Agoura Hills, I am, by most any definition, an ``Angelino``. But I'm taking classes right now at Moorpark Junior College, which takes it's main pull of students from Simi Valley/Moorpark/Camarillo. Many of those people seem quite content with the fact that they AREN'T part of Los Angeles and are quite happy to remind people as much. They consider it to be a better ``cleaner`` life where they are and wouldn't want to become part of the city of Los Angeles even if given the chance. Beyond that, they simply aren't residents of Los Angeles or the Greater L.A. area even if they proclaim to be, regardless of what any resident or tourist alike would prefer to believe or tell people. By that logic, San Diego residents may as well start calling themselves Los Angeles residents, since San Deigo doesn't take much longer to get to from my house (about 3 hours) than does LAX (which can take 1 and 1/2 to 2 hours to reach in rush hour traffic).`	1
` 2005 (UTC)AgreeI think that Wikipedia is doing things differently, and showing that knowledge and science isn't only made up of white males would be another ``different`` and positive thing. It doesn't come up naturally because that's how everybody else does things, but once we've identified the systemic bias, we should be more careful about not promoting it any more than it deserves. I'm not talking about quotas and rules and such, just that we should organically try to keep our eyes open for more diversity.  05:29, 11 Mar`	0
`**There is another problem also. Two other Users have appear (from nowhere) and modify the page, supporting Viajero POV. I can't rv more than 2 times, becouse It would be a violation and I don't wann gave Viajero another excuse to attack me. a RfC is enough. Please, delete those paragraphs that talk about a ``picture with death bodies`` to boost his image. And keep an eye on the page. I can't fight 4 persons at the same time. I will appreciate.  `	1
`I have fixed some of the anto day trading bias in the 1st para but there is work to be done.  I do not see why the activity is any more risky than any other trading:  If you are dealing in cars, in tomatoes or, say, stocks and shares, then all these can be risky - especially so if you do so with a loan from your bank or broker.  And margin trading is just that, a loan from your broker.  Losses are common but so are gains, not just ``occasionally``.  And of course professionals (i.e. successful day traders) and banks do day trading also!!!!   It does not just refer to Joe Soap, bored househusband, risking the housekeeping money.   `	1
Squeakbox went over to Wiki Global Elite, an independent site using licensed Wiki Media technology and vandalized many pages, not only of myself, but erasing history pages, and then implying that an administrator there had done it and reporting on this board that his page had been locked in and the page composed by yours truly locked out.  The administration of that board undid Squeakbox's damage and has locked the site from further unauthorized editing due to his vandalism!CONSTANCE E. CUMBEYcumbey@gmail.comSqueakbox appears to be	1
Gone Off===*gone takes on a peculiar quality: whereas all other  (born, saw) became , and all  (hot) became , gone stayed as .Somehow I think that what's really going on here is the the remnants of the LOT-CLOTH split.  You can hear the same happening in the word off as well.  However, it seems to me that these pronunciations are on the out.  I haven't heard anyone of my generation or younger using // for these words. -Jim 14Mar05===Bread vs Bred===Is it just me or do other Aussies distinguist these words?  For me bred rhymes with red but bread doesn't.  Bread rhymes with haired. - Jim 14Mar05=	0
==Can I Eye==FUCK YOU YOU NEGRO SEE GROW  	1
==Thank You your the Wellcome==ARABIC ASSHOLR GO BACK TO ARABIA YOU FUCKING ARABIC SAUDI!!  	1
`The following lists the chain of events which led to the inclusion of entities which are not countries to the list. I suppose it takes some detective work to come up with this, although it isnt really that difficult. I leave it up to you guys to interpret the intentions behind this sequence of events:===The old version===As seen in the version timestamped 07:25, 7 Jan 2005 in this page's edit history, the page listed only countries (as commonly accepted to refer to fully independent entities as recognised by the UN), with an opening line which reads:``This is a list of countries that only have a land border with one other country.``===Carbon copy created===On 01:21, 4 Feb 2005, a similarly titled page called List of countries bordering only one country was created by a user named . In the first version of that page, the opening line reads:``This is a list of countries and dependent territories having land border with only one country.Notes:This list includes dependent territories and some disputed or occupied areas that are de facto independent.``Interestingly, that first version includes Hong Kong and Macau as the only two non-independent entities, while Singapore was listed under a classification called ``Arguable``.===Merger?===Within a few hours, the page has evolved to this version at 03:13, 4 Feb 2005. Notably, he copied the introductory text from the first article into his version of the article:``Nations that only share a land border with one other country often have concerns about domination by the other state if it is larger. These can be fears of an outright take-over as has happened historically to such states as East Timor, which was part of Indonesia until very recently, and Ireland, which was part of the United Kingdom until 1921. Today concerns are often about economic domination as with the Canada/United States relationship or the Denmark/Germany one. Because much trade goes over land these countries are often heavily reliant on their single neighbour.``In addition, he added the ``merge`` request with the above page within the same edit.Back in this page, he also added the ``merge`` request at 03:11, 4 Feb 2005===Merged===By 18:57, 7 Feb 2005,  fulfilled the merger request. This effectively places 's introductory paragraph concerning non-independent entities, as well as his entries for these, into that list as can be seen in edit version 19:01, 7 Feb 2005, without  probably suspecting anything unusual.===Contestations===Since this merger, debates over the inclusion of entities which are not countries ensued, unsurprisingly, as we can see above and in the history of edits. It is interesting that  made no mention about the merger process which sparked this discourse. In addition, as we can all see from the above discussions,  was quoted as saying:``They aren't sovereign states, but the same treatment should applies to all lists of countries with the same setting. The notice at the top of the page already tells this list includes not only sovereign states, without any confusions.``It has to be noted, that again he did not mention who was the one who wrote that paragraph, and nor did he mention how it ends up being introduced to this page.===Deductions and comments?===The chain of events as I noted ends here. Feel free to comment on the above conduct. `	1
`== SOCKPUPPETS, 'Richard Weiss,' SqueakBox, and Billy Weiss! ==Talk about 'sockpuppets' - SqueakBox IS the below 'user David.'  HE also is the person who represented himself to me on Gmail as ``Richard Weiss``.  He also is the person who writes well-written articles under the name 'Billy Weiss' and he write in full sentences, proper punctuation, and properly spelled words (unlike SqueakBox/Richard Weiss/David).  He has committed deceit and a total fraud upon Wikipedia by using these tactics and then falsely accusing others of his tactic of using 'SOCKPUPPETS'`	1
`== THE LATEST ==This is CUMBEY.  I see the good grammar, good punctuation Billy Weiss entered this space as ``Squeakbox`` and corrected the grammar and typos of ``David`` the alleged Wiki Global Elite Sys Op.  He has also continued to wreak havoc on that website which is independent of Wikimedia.  He might as well know that I have plans to publish columns on various popular websites independent of either about these antics and tactics.  SqueakBox/BillyWeiss/RichardWeiss/David, BEWARE THE IDES OF MARCH!`	1
`::: But what you said above, summarized by ``All this came first, and so it's first in the intro`` is your POV.  Why are you not willing to see that reality or to put to practical use your vision of that reality?  Have you not read, read, and read Wikipedia:Neutral point of view?  Do any of us own any of the words, articles, or perspectives of Wikipedia?   `	0
:Can it. I made about two sketchy edits.  	1
:well that's just peachy, now go do something else.	1
Their methodology was not designed to be able to distinguish Fox affiliates from Fox News and so the  	0
`Dear Squeakbox:  I have been very polite to you compared to your incredible persistent rudeness and use of three different identities upon me.  I have saved your entire string of correspondence, so have at it!   If I recall correctly, you threatened me with a Honduran jail for ``vandalising Wikipedia`` when I was the one who wrote correctly.  Moreover, I covered Solana's Spanish political career very thoroughly and you falsely accused me of not doing so.  It seems my biggest mistake was once writing ``Ferninand Gonazalez`` instead of ``Felipe Gonzalez`` which would have been a simple edit for you.  Instead, you launched an unseemly internet career of calling me ``a troll`` and a ``vandal`` among other things.  Then you proceeded to ridicule what you perceive as my religious beliefs, while simultaneously confessing to me the past two days (if it wasn't one more blind) your faith in Haile Selassie, the long dead ruler of Ethiopia as God Almighty!  If you want to talk patronizingly about religious beliefs, I could make one fine case out of that, but instead you want to rail and reduce Wikipedia to a Britannica Junior Encyclopedia and below.  Why don't you go pick on someone else!  CONSTANCE.`	1
::I haven't been around for a couple of days, so I missed most of the fireworks from  and  but I find the edits to be less than satisfactory than what Phenry was working on.  At least what he put together seemed to make sense.  I still don't believe that Byrd's KKK past can be minimized but 171's self-centered edits don't always seem to be based upon anything other than a desire to control and dominatewhich is always annoying.- 	1
Does it deserve to be in Wikipedia?  Perhaps, perhaps not - it's hardly the most well-used or important stretch of motorway in the UK!	0
:You never know; some day it might be of vital importance to the security of the nation that the goverment find information on Napton-on-the-Hill immediately, and then I'll be the hero of the day ;-) ~Seriously speaking, since I'm building up as complete a picture as possible of the geography of the British Isles, every little place matters...  	0
The apology made was for not following the order of battle, not for the battle itself.	0
does it really matter how you capitalize it no matter how you do it its still saying the same thing	0
No mention of the anti-war protests and peace activism in the Neutron bomb article? I remember there were huge demonstrations in the 1980's to stop neutron bomb making.	1
== Great stuff! ==I just wnated to thank you for all the additions and extra work on Toronto Transit Commission and the related articles. These keep evolving much further than one would think they could, thanks to work like yours!  	0
== Anne Dansey: Couch Envy ==As a student at Manchester University (United Kingdom) I feel Anne Dansey and her research into Couch Envy is valid, an article in the local paper into this subject was published only the other day. Clearly you have never had your couch poached, had you done so, you would know that this is fast becoming a social breakthrough, and with rising house prices, people forced to share flats are becoming more likly to suffer from the phenomena known as couch envy. Asimovs projection of a society who become traumatized by the proximity of others resulting in the withdrawal of all one-to-one relationships could fast be a reality. As a lawyer you should know the 'Dansey Effect' has been used twice as a defence in a local court, in trials of GBH in shared accomodation. I urge you to reconsider the deletion of the 'Anne Dansey' article and the accompanying article entitled 'Couch Envy'	0
`ATTN whoever keeps reverting the ``totalitarian`` part: it is a widespread criticism of Castro's regime (and a part of the embargo rationale,) whereas Castro will label anyone opposed to him as ``fascist`` and ``imperialist`` (read the quote on Czechoslovakia.) Stop trying to push your perspective under the guise of NPOV.  `	1
:Regarding the newscientist link, IT IS A COMMERCIAL SITE AND THE ARTICLE IS FROM 2003. There are probably MILLIONS of similar articles that appeared in the news at one time or another. What is the logic in including this particular article? Clear spam. Wikipedia is not a repository of external links!!  	0
Thanks for the quote from Rand, I will add it.  	0
`::::You seem to be missing the point. This is not my personal argument. I am simply suggesting we mention that she was bulimic, a condition which she would have been largely responsible for and which was harming her. It is up to other to decide whether this is contradictory with the claim she would not want to do something to hurt herself.I also think another related issue that needs including is the fact that she would likely have not wanted to discuss the issue of her wishes not do want to be kept alive artificially with her parents and family if they were so vehemently opposed to the idea, especially given the fact it appears they never liked her husband and therefore were probably already disappointed with her as it is. Once again I should point out I'm not suggesting we include this whole thing. Simply something like ``she may not have wanted to mention her views to her family if they were strongly opposed to to this idea```	0
:Well I appreciate your sympathy. If you ever have the spare time, feel free to help me in this anti-Castrosanitization campaign.  	1
::Much better pictures of circumcised and uncircumcised penis could be also be found in the Russian version of this article ru: These pictures have General Public License. Since the English version of this article is protected it is not possible to improve the pictures...	0
==List of Taiwan-related topics==Here's a very rough trial on how the list can be split into two. *List of Republic of China-related topics, compare*List of Taiwan-related topics, comparePlease take a look and tell me what you think about it. -P    	0
==Three Revert Rule==I don't think I did. If I did, please document it and I'll apologize. However, a user was not editing according to consensus on that article. Please warn that user (probably the one who launched the bogus/needless/abusive complaint) not to engage in edit wars and please warn that user further, not to ignore discussion on the talk page. If you carefully review my user history, you'll see that I edit by consensus, that I encourage it, and that I do not engage in edit wars.  In other words, you'll see I'm not the problem here. Thanks.  	0
:What're you rambling on about?  	1
To put it another way, even though the rates of murder and other violent crime are quite low, but when something does happen (Snowtown, the Beaumont kids, etc) it tends to be grisly and creative enough to get media attention. Our murderers embody a spirit often heard among the city's prouder residents: we're fewer in number but that much more artistic, classier even, than the rest of the country. p .''''''. 	0
Northwest Airlines fleet age average is 18 years ONLY because of it's VERY SMART move in keeping it's DC-9s. Otherwise it's fleet is only 9.7, one of the YOUNGEST in the WORLD! People who like to constantly harp about how OLD NWA's fleet is should note that NWA is also the MOST financially stable of the U.S. carriers.	0
== Longest running ==Surely the simpsons is the longest running TV show in the world!?  Shows like gun smoke may be repeated on a regular basis, but they were also axed many years ago...The first line of the article used to statte that it was the longest runnig animated sitcom in he history of 'US' television history. I changed this however to read 'television history' as there is no animated sitcom (that I have heard of at least) which can top it.  If anyone knows of one from anywhare in the world that can feel free to amend it.IU believe that it is the longest running 'sitcom' in television history and maybe even 'show'.  Can anyone think of a sitcom that has run for longer than this?  I feel I may change it to say 'sitcom in television history' and let people make amends to it if they know otherwise as this seems to be the best way to get things done on wiki.	1
`== ``Special administrative regions are not within the administrative divisions structure of the People's Republic of China as according to Article 30 of the Constitution of the PRC. `` ==Article 30 of the constitution says no such thing. It is clearly not an exhaustive list, since it does not include prefectures, leagues, banners, autonomous banners, forestry areas, sumuns, ethnic sumuns, etc. either.On the other hand, Article 12 of the Hong Kong Basic Law states that:``The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region shall be a local administrative region of the People's Republic of China, which shall enjoy a high degree of autonomy and come directly under the Central People's Government.``And Article 12 of the Macau Basic Law states that:``The Macao Special Administrative Region shall be a local administrative region of the People's Republic of China, which shall enjoy a high degree of autonomy and come directly under the Central People's Government.``   `	0
== Aphrodisiacs ==Recipe for an aphrodisiac:Glaze a chopped onion in butterAdd three handfuls of nettlesSteam for three minutesAdd a pint of milk and nearly boilLiquidiseCooking destroys the sting but even so, drink quickly to avoid a stiff neck  	0
Is there a correlation or ratio betweem systolic and diastolic components of blood pressure?	0
The recipe - culled from page 5*3 in the book 'Sex 16 years onwards: Haynes Owners Workshop Manual' by Dr Ian Banks has been dismissed by   who states that the recipe is 'a joke' or perhaps he is referring to erectile dysfunction as a joke. It is this condemnation of what little help there is for those who are impotent that makes it the 'secret ailment' for so many men of 's age and above.  	0
== Normal distribution  ==Thanks for fixing it so quickly! I didn't even have time to reread the instructions and slap myself.  	1
*Agreed, Ill try to keep looking for something to back up what I read.  Its entirely possible that the soft drink was produced in both countires but with two different recipes each derived individually but brought under the same name after a while.   	0
:As far as I recall nobody has ever made any reference to seeing anything while in transit.  Might just be a transition, like a fade or wipe.   	0
 Mar 2005 (UTC):If it wasn't germane, why did you bring it up in the first place? If it was germane enough to bring up in the first place, why is it not germane enough to take responsibility for? I won't speculate on your motives in doing this, but this sort of behavior does call the credibility of everything else you've said into question. Is it worth your credibility to go on playing these silly games?   03:41, 23	1
`I'm just glad that that jackass 172 is done, maybe there can be real progress on the article now, rather than bullshit about how Saddam ``never fowgott`` the instability which FORCED THE POOR LAD to torture and mutilate the Shi'a and Kurdish populace. It was for unity!  `	1
You have been warned many times before. One more act of vandalism and you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.  	1
:Yeah, I just got your messages.	1
Is it possible that my IP adress is shared with another person, as I've never seen or seen your page until a few hours before writing this?	1
::You Zionist Jewbastard Khazar Turks just love filibusters that draw out this tragedy to no conclusion.  That's right, only YOU are allowed a say on the issue.  YOU have the right to editorialise anything to YOUR content, media mogul jackasses!  Stay out of London, New York, Washington and Hollywood!  Get the fuck out of America and stop dragging us into your stupid affairs with Muslims!  You deserved 9/11 and I hope more of you die from suicide bombings by economically tortured Muslims, just keep it in the Middle East.  Helen Clark did well to not take your shite!  I swear, I'll fucking kill you all if I ever go to Israel.  I'll take nukes signed by each and every Jew of the Manhattan Project and level you to nothing; in a eulogy to Theodore Herzl.  What irony, to die by the products of your own hands, that had me fear for my life in the fucking Cold War.  Mad scientists and loan sharks, fucking trash with no goddamn decency to Europe and America!  Wanderer gypsies, no sense of love for your own people enough to stick together on your own land.  Can't even settle down and do your own thing away from others.  Leave us and Rachel Corrie alone!  You have no respect for the dead!  To you, she was just another Goy puppet!  You will pay and I hope to personally see you die.  Perhaps a Tay-Sachs bio-weapon to plague and infest the lot of you until death do we part.  Take your Michael Medveds, Adam Sandlers and Bob Dylans and shove them up your arses!  No more Disraelis and Kerrys or Rothschilds and Greenspans will ruin our lives!  You bring disrepute to White males, by rewriting history; fucking up churches and schools in culture war.  You killed McKinley and the Romanovs.  Fuck your Sigmund Freud, Ron Jeremy and Ruth Westheimer pervert terrorists and kill yourselves NOW!  You fucking Howard Stern/Jerry Seinfeld/Eugene Levy garbage are no better than any other Semite like the Muslims themselves!  You anti-Semitic hypocrites have no feature but greed and barbarism!  I read the massacre at Clifford's Tower in York Castle and hope for another!  Your ritual child abuse still mutilates baby genitals, just like labia removal.  You are savages without civilisation and bloodsucking leeches holding onto hosts as all viruses do; so you are fake friends!  No more Bugsy Siegel Hollowcau$e Industry and kosher racketeering!::GENOCIDIST DAVID SLEW GOLIATH OF PALESTINE!  REJECTED ONES, YOU HAVEN'T MONOPOLY ON SUFFERING!	1
I think the whole penultimate paragraph in 1 is misleading and NPOV. What about Basque in the South-West, isn't that a non-official celtic language? Shelta? Cornish? What about other minority languages, for example Lorrain?We need to change it to make clear:* Whether Breton is treated differently from other non-French languages in France* How much of this the Loi Toubon defines* How much of this the Constitution definesWe should talk about how this is different from Welsh in the UK or other celtic languages.	0
`== Battle of Collierville ==This article isn't copyvio.  Notice the public domain source under the heading ``Sources``.  The majority of Civil War battle articles are from this one source.   `	0
`:: Oops. you're right. I did a search here & didn't check to see they were redirects. ``millennium`` is one of those words I have a blind spot for (  `	0
`==Castro-lite==WebLuis continues to revert to his watered-down, preferred image of Castro. He has not backed up his edits with any facts, only whined about ``personal attacks`` (some nonexistent) and empty statements.  `	1
Maybe we can get a vote? I'm flexible with my version, just not so flexible as to let an apologist completely water down the section to make it sound like Castro is an undisputed champion of international social justice.  Calling you a Castro apologist when you (or a poseur Marxist) is not an insult. BTW, please don't call me a liar, it huwts my feewings  	1
I responded to everything; you responded with more empty statements that proved nothing.  	1
********NPOV does not mean remove relevant facts.	0
Can you read? I attacked you when there was no substance to respond to. You're impossible.  	1
==Read the rules==I've read the wikirules and agree to abide by them.  	1
`::::::Dear god.  When I saw your post here, I assumed there had to be some major difference between the two definitions.  There isn't.  The dictionary definitions differ by about five words.  I hardly think that omitting  the word ``competition`` and referencing government control qualifies as outrageous.  For the record, as the article is currently written, the online version is better (state control is mentioned the sentence before the definition anyway), so I support your decision to edit the article.  But grow up.  `	1
:Don't try and block me just because you don't like my edits (and don't give me crap about how it was warranted, you can't objectively make the decision, and the one-day ban was probably not even warranted in the first place  WL and you have been revert warring (plus, unlike me, making blatant left-POV edits) just as much)  	1
:I know  it's more like I don't appereciate it being butchered, even if it is gonna be butchered by some.  	1
****Familiar with the fallacy of confusing correlation and causation? Keep your original research claims out of the article... Further, your claim above does not offer any evidence against my revisions of your piece. Nothing in my revisions would serve to contradict that claim. This is just a diversion from the fact that instability in the region predated Castro's support of rebel groups and that guerrilla groups were also active going back before the 1970s.  	0
:I am still working on the border blaster article and its related articles trying to sort fact from fantasy because at present there is not a single reliable source. Hopefully by pulling together all of the published material it will be possible to come up with a referenced and authentic series of articles. The border blasters were mainly over and done with by the late 1980s because technology had passed them by. The clear channels they once occupied are now no more and the old time preachers are either all dead or dying. The new breed are on satellite television and it is to satellite that the music formats of tomorrow are also moving. This is mainly about a culture that once existed and is no more (just like steam trains.)  	0
`The picture belongs to the top of the article just like other similar articles.  This is a Wikipedia article about a man, whose picture is available and in public domain. The picture belongs right where it is now (on top of the article) just like any other similar articles.  The comparison with the beheaded journalist and the like is completely false.  Wikipedia cannot ``adjust`` itself to satisfy the policies and preferences of various organizations, such as the Bahai organization, throughout the world.  Wikipedia is a people's online, web-based encyclopedia. If this is so offensive to the Bahais, they should just limit themselves to the official Bahai sites.   `	0
== Crusader States ==Thank you for fixing an obvious mistake.  I was just wondering...What was the relationship between the Holy Roman Empire and Latin Empire?  Do you have any worthwhile resources?   	0
:Interesting and thanks once again!   	0
:Adming  is the one who abuses Wikipedia to force his stupid personal taste for just that one particular article.  He is an admin and tries to make just one article out of line with wikipedia standards and style.  Instead of bothering me, go ask that idiot why he tries to make Wikipedia articles inconsistent.   	1
:and I'll stop with the over 3 pseudo-reverts  but I would like a resolution (particularly on the Castro article) soon. This user's impossible to deal with.  	1
`::For all the politeness I dealt you, I have gotten nothing really beneficial in return.  I hope you spend 6 hours on your favourite topic, only to see somebody fuck it up for their ``comfort with the usual``.  How goes this day, when your brain shrinks instead of expands?  Looks like Canada is still stuck in pinko policies.  You are a suckling fat piglet.  You have no right other than the clause at the bottom of the page.  If you do not want your writing to be edited mercilessly and redistributed at will, do not submit it.  `	1
, and had been co-ruler with her(actually their) reign	1
`:::::MONGO is right. It's hard not to recognize Kevin Baas' dedication to the election controversy articles, and his frequent attempts to promote them in articles such as this. I spent a good amount of effort trying to clean up one single section of 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities. I think it's better now, but it took a ton of effort. I don't have the time or the patience to fight over all the other sections of all the other articles. Maybe it's a lost cause. We should at least make sure that the ``controversy`` is described neutrally, especially from highly visible articles like this one.  `	1
  I have been giving some thought to the radical criticisms portion of the libertarian article since you first asked.  In part, I think many of these criticisms (at least from anarchists) are already present in wikipedia.  Some are in the anarcho-capitalism article, some are spread across a few other articles, and a few are actually represented in the AC criticisms of non-AC libertarianism.  So once I get around to it I might just throw in a link to another article or part thereof that has these criticisms to avoid redundancy.  Other than that I think the brief arguments outlined already are sufficient, though all of it could use a good round of citations and quotes, which is the pain I've been avoiding.  Anywho, I'll get around to it eventually unless someone beats me to it.   	0
Max Planck was a genius and is covered in most universities' second year of physics study. Every prominent or budding physicist knows the name, and one could say that his theories will live forver, disproven or not. Your point is a valid one but the man maketh the name and not the other way around.(How many Schroedinger particles or measurements are you aware of, aswell?)	0
It's in the word's etymology.  What are we re-creating when we recreate?- 	0
== Babylon 5 ==Sounds fine to me. I actually don't touch those much anymore, and haven't in a year. Maybe I'll come back to them someday, but probably not in the near-term.   	0
: Maybe we should change the IOC and ISO pages to actually display the flags created so far!? 	0
Hi Keith.  Just wanted to say hello.  	0
You can block and block and suck my cock but nothing can stop freedom of speech. In the end, America wins. We always do. Ask Saddam. My sockpuppet army is on the march.  	1
***Sorry, what I meant was, do you know of any other luthiers that have WP articles that are not listed on the luthier page? Its ok, I'll try to catch them.  	0
`== Wikipedia ``Patricia Cornwell`` page libelous, being used for felony fraud crimes ==The main Wikipedia ``Patricia Cornwell`` page is not only libelous, defamatory, false and misleading, but it is also being used to support felony crimes of fraud and extortion. The page itself is a felony criminal act of obstruction of justice, because it uses the Wikipedia public forum to give a false report of previously committed crimes. Wikipedia contributors may face felony indictment as well as civil charges by maintaining these materials online.Demand is hereby made that you stop these criminal acts on the Wikipedia site, and that you remove the libelous, defamatory, false, fraudulent and misleading material that violates Wikipedia's own policies.The page is the alleged biography page for author Patricia Cornwell, a page which appears to have been seized by partisans under Cornwell's influence or on her payroll. These partisans have authored false and fraudulent material, and reject and delete factual material that displeases Cornwell.I am Patricia Cornwell's leading biographer, and also one of many victims of crimes committed by Cornwell.The Wikipedia main page on Cornwell is a brief piece of pro-Cornwell propaganda, which hides and falsifies her long life of multiple scandals. A large part of the page is a libelous attack on myself, with a criminally fraudulent report of the crimes Cornwell committed against me.As shown in court filings and public documents, Cornwell hired thugs to threaten to have me illegally jailed and murdered, and funded a fraud scheme in a Southern court to try and ban my freedom of speech. Your Wikipedia page falsifies the report of these crimes, and mounts a highly personal libelous attack against me.Patricia Cornwell is a longtime friend of the President Bush family and some FBI agents, and has used these connections to escape prosecution for a series of crimes and offenses, clearly evident in public records and court documents.Your Wikipedia page, seemingly written under the sway of the criminal Cornwell, hides the real facts about her life. A few words of sycophantic praise for Cornwell, and then a brief section on ``Controversies`` which ignores her actual huge history of scandals that is evident from court records and published articles, like when Cornwell was sued for stealing the private autopsy reports of murdered children and copying them nearly verbatim into her novels.You are invited to read Cornwell's genuine biography, widely available online, ``Patricia Cornwell Biography: Crime, Bribery, Scandal and Mental Illness``. Researchers can already have an advance copy of my upcoming biography book on Cornwell, which extensively quotes primary sources and which can background a Wikipedia article to replace the libelous propaganda you have now.It seems the main purpose of your current short Wikipedia Cornwell ``biography`` page is to launch a libelous attack on myself, to try and discredit my work and my upcoming major book on Cornwell.I have tried to begin to edit out the falsehoods and fraudulent statements in your article, but the Cornwell partisans who control the Wikipedia page immediately re-installed the pro-Cornwell lies and libelous propaganda.The specific attacks on me in your Wikipedia article, are direct propaganda in line with Cornwell's hired thugs. Regarding the specifics of these false statements:The article accuses me of making public ``plagiarism`` accusations about Cornwell, regarding a book that she delayed and re-wrote after my private protests. The Wikipedia statements are false, deceptive and misleading. The Wikipedia claims are propaganda, originally laid out by the Cornwell lawyers to set up the lawsuit to ban my freedom of speech, propaganda they set out in a fraudulent article that, as documents show, was planted in the Republican Richmond Times-Dispatch newspaper by the Cornwell lawyers themselves. The Times-Dispatch is a newspaper closely tied to Patricia Cornwell, and the ``reporter`` who wrote the fraudulent article never met me and never interviewed me.The actual facts are that I publicly criticized neo-Nazi activities by Cornwell, her written threats advocating book-burning and the banning of free speech, and her demands that I be totally silent about her. The Cornwell lawyers have tried to pretend that the controversy was instead about accusations of ``plagiarism`` after Cornwell already re-wrote her book, accusations they themselves fabricated to distract from the real issues.The Wikipedia article sneers about the absence of major similarities between Cornwell's book and my earlier novel. But it does not disclose the fact that Cornwell re-wrote and revised her book substantially after my private protests over her announced stor	1
`::My god, you are stupidity incarnate.  HOW THE FUCK is this picture ``causing serious offense`` ?!!  The ONLY problem with this picture is that Bahaullah looks like the crook that he was and this is why the Bahai organization does not want this picture to float around  because it is not a good advertisement for their cult.  You sound extremely stupid.`	1
`::::::Oh right, next you'll be blaming creationist for the latest earthquake.  Don't expect a rational argument why the blatant misnomer ``heliocentric`` is a superior term to the spirit of Galileo's theory. `	1
:You're right  and it was important to get this across in the article, i.e. that much of the debate was about philosophy not facts.  	0
` 2005 (UTC)::::Of course atheism is a religion: it attempts to answer all the big questions that other religions do, and is based on a metaphysical claim incapable of empirical proof.  But you can quibble about what ``religion`` means all you want, because the fact remains that theistic religions and atheism are all worldviews.::::Many evolutionists disagree that evolution has nothing to do with atheism.  E.g. Dawkins said that Darwmin made it possible to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist, and Provine claimed that a religion was compatible with evolution only if it was for all practical purposes indistinguishable from atheism. ::::Communism is predicated upon atheism. 09:52, 30 Mar`	0
What the fuck is your problem?	1
`:::::Isn't it nice that an obsessive anti-creationist gets to decide what a good creationist counter is, rather than how creationists themselves counter the alleged geocentric verses.  Does Schroeder even understand the concept of reference frames?  Does Schroeder refuse to use the word ``sunset`` because it hints of geocentrism?  `	1
:::Well, it's gone now.  No objection to returning it if it could be documented. 	0
`==Dutching==Because the overround at the bookies is so high one CANNOT effectively lay a horse by backing all the others.  Usually this will result in an assured loss whatever nag wins.  The ``obvious`` counterargument doesn't wash, I'm afraid.  I am a frequent layer at Betfair so the ``dutching`` argument serves my interest but it cannot be practically implemented.   `	0
Example:  Say there are 10 equally good horses in a race.  The odds would be decimal 10 or 9:1 to be fair.  But typically the odds available will be decimal 8 or 7:1 at best.  Backing 9 of the horses with a stake of GBP10 each in order to lay the remaining horse results in a loss of GBP20 no matter which horse wins.    	0
:Nope, it just shows that multiple people want to suppress hard truths about the fact that an innocent woman is being dehydrated to death at the demands of her adulterous husband and an unelected judge.  I refuse to let blatant POVs go unchallenged no matter how many people hold them  this is the whole point of Wiki anyway. 	1
:I am wiling to talk.  But all my opponents do is revert.  	1
 2005 (UTC)# 06:35, 31 Mar	0
:And what will happen if they don't cease immediately oh you powerful one? Oh, I forgot, you said block!!  HAHAHAHA god, you are really stupid, aren't you?  -)   	1
`== Personal attacks ==The personal attacks and insults on this page will cease immediately.  There will be no more attacks.  There will also be no retaliatory attacks, so if someone attacks you, ignore them.  Violators will be blocked regardless of ``who started it``.  Consider this your warning.  :And what will happen if they don't cease immediately oh you powerful one? Oh, I forgot, you said block!!  HAHAHAHA god, you are really stupid, aren't you?  -)   `	1
And last but not least, yes, he WAS a crook. 	1
 Jean-Baptiste Guillaume Joseph, comte de Villle was on wiki en.# A french user translate it into french => fr:Villle# An english wikipedian translate fr:Villle into VillleI'm sorry, but I think the more conveniant is simply to delete this page now.	0
:I find your downplaying of the issue of circumcision to be very very disturbing.  If anti-semitism activists take this view it is grossly unproductive.  People have to take a serious look at the reasons behind this phenomena and be willing to take action to correct it.  I am not making stuff up.  I do not know what to say other than I am extremely offended that you my work here as an excuse for anything?  I am sorry about my language!   ::PS:  If you feel that circumcision is an excuse for anti-semitism and not a real reason I invite you to find a source for this and to add it to the article.  Also note that this is disputed.	0
:For the moment it is. It doesn't include key information such as year of founding, by whom it was founded, and what ever happened to it. Unfortunately I was not able to find that information online.  There was an OLD Trains magazine that I remember had an article about it, but I don't have access to that at the moment.   	0
==RfC==Thank you for your comment on my talk page - I think we are close in our outlook here. I think those who object to adminship requests on the basis of edit summaries are being rather anally retentive. It's all rather silly. I often make large contributions to articles to which I am the sole or major contributor (by a long, long way). Any edit summary I make for these articles is solely for my own benefit - and if I don't see the value of making one, I shan't. So I often make no edit summary.Now, if an editor has a dozen messages on their talk page to make edit summaries because they're annoying other editors of the pages they frequent - then I can see why some may object to an adminship request. But if there are no such comments, then where's the problem?  	1
:::::The assumption that the authority of a historical interpretation of the creation myth in the Bible with regards to the creation of the universe, the Earth, and life. Not all believers in the Trinity are creationists. Not all believers in Divine grace are creationists. All believers in Modern geocentrism are creationists.  	1
==Deletion tag removed==Why did you nominate my article Paul Grimes for speedy deletion? I shall remove the tag.  01 Apr 2005	0
`== ``Lab`` created Alexandrite Chrysoberyl ==   Synthetic alexandrite-like sapphires are produced by the Flame-fusion method using Vanadium Oxide as the chromophore or coloring agent. These stones have been manufactured since 1909 and are commonly marketed as a ``substitute,`` for genuine alexandrite chrysoberyl which is vastly more expensive. Experienced gemologists can detect these stones through simple use of magnification which reveals internal curved striae and sometimes gas bubbles which confirms their synthetic origin. The change of color is also unlike genuine or lab-created alexandrite.`	0
Where is Marimba co. listed	0
Shut the hell up JeremyA stop posting nonsense.	1
`::Schroeder is the self-appointed spokesman for the ``scientific community' despite not being qualified in science himself.  And he feels free to dismiss statements by recognized leaders in cosmology such as George Ellis, first because he is a ``theist`` (Schroeder only wants theistic opinions if they compromise evolution with the Bible or claim that the Bible teaches absolute geocentrism).  Then Schroeder decrees that Ellis, Hubble and Hoyle are extremists, and insists instead that an unnamed ``scientific community`` on whose behalf he speaks says otherwise. `	0
Once again, Schroeder misrepresents creationist teachings.  Panspermists believe in real evolution, at least from the first cell; baraminologists believe in some changes which some might call micro-evolution but others refuse to call it any sort of evolution. 	1
:::::::::Schroeder is clearly unwilling to have even a compromise that gave equal space to both sides. 	1
` 2005 (UTC):::You would think that, since your aim is to tar the Bible/creationists with the geocentric brush.  True NPOV would present both cases adequately.  I won't put up with an ideological opponent telling me how much response is enough.  It is also a statement of fact that all the alleged proofs of geocentrism in the Bible boil down to the same basic thing, words like ``sunset``, which we use today all the time.  And it is common for creationists to discuss the frame of reference when discussing the issue, so this is essential to mention in the interest of fairly representing this viewpoint.  Also, it was an excellent change to use a modern Bible translation, 138  any objections to this?  07:55, 1 Apr`	0
 2005 (UTC):::No again.   Reference frame discussions are germane to the biblical arguments. 08:02, 1 Apr	0
`== Bye Bye Jerk! ==I guess this means you will be crying about the Nazis anymore.  What is your problem with Nazis anyway?  Did you date a Nazi woman and she broke your heart??  What a shame!!!Your life isn't worth living anymore so pleasee KILL YOURSELF!You know I'm right.  You've felt this way for a long time.  You've probably been thinking about killing yourself for quite some time.  I'm here to tell you, it's all right.  Go ahead.  Do it.  It won't hurt. Be brave.  All your troubles will be over.  You won't have the pain anymore.  Everyone else?  Don't worry, they'll get by.  What do you mean It's not your fault things turned out badly?  It certainly IS your fault.  You ought to be ashamed of yourself for what you've done  - and failed to do.  Maybe things could have changed if you weren't such  a weakling.  You're defective.  You've been that way for a long time.  You are proof that God makes mistakes.Look at your life.  Failure after failure after failure.  And should we mention those ``things`` that you did?  You know what I'm talking about.  I can't believe you did that!  You disgust me.  You should have died a long time ago.  You know I'm right.  JUST DO IT!!!`	1
== Bournemouth University ==Bournemouth University used to be called Bournemouth College of Technology. It was the first college in the UK to offer the HND in Tourism and it soon acquired a reputation as being the 'best' college (non-university) to study tourism.  == Tourists ==Bournemouth beach also hit the headlines in 1975 when the Daily Mirror ran an article about deck-chair attendants, sex and tourists. According to the Mirror, the way someone sat in a deck-chair determined whetehr they were available for sex. Tourists at the time were called 'grockles' and 'innits' ('nice here innit')  	0
Well, it's still not officialy confirmed, but it isn't very likely that he will stay pope anyhow. - Lucas	0
== Nagorno Karabakh ==The following resource describes this subject in full details:*Publication of the United States Institute of Peace: Sovereignty after Empire Self-Determination Movements in the Former Soviet Union, Hopes and Disappointments: Case Studies: Nagorno-Karabakh. 	0
`I dont want you to block them make sure they dont try to destroy my credibility and not declare anything I add POV. This is not a serries of sidputes, user are ``hunting`` me down because of what I am trying to do in ``Armenian Genocide``, check their contibutions, how fat back their reverts go? What else have they done?   `	1
==Once Upon a Time==I just wanted to let you know that in the Department of Fun there is a new thing that I'm gonna start tomorrow at 6 pm pacific time. You might be interested in it. Its the Once Upon a Time page. Check it out. 	0
`== Hey, polish slavic monkeys ==You slavic monkeys can wright here all the shit what you want. But all world knews what realy you are - the trashy mutantes from Lower Dniepr. Your ``poland`` have no rights to exist - it is only band of slavic trampes.Vilnietis`	1
== Why the US sucks ==Ya so the us sucs cuz bugh is dumb and they have to much army and people are to mean in new york and jesusland is to big and ya. So anyway, this was severs opinion	1
== very short and very clear ==slaves - to gas chambers.	0
`== TO ALL READERS ==In ``administration`` here are siting only polish chauvinistes (nazis). The pages about Lithuania and Vilnius are one entire falsification. They erase all corrections which are unpleasure to their fascist mind. I can't understand this system. But we strike out what to do.Vilnietis`	1
== a concept not a condition ==atheism is a concept, not a condition, by saying condition you make it seem like its something bad and horrible, like a concusion, atheism is a concept, a concept is a type of belief	0
This article does not seem to have any actual theories and sociology of the history of science except for a brief mention of Kuhn at the end of it. All of the current content should be scrapped as original research unless it is attributed to a particular scholarly opinion. This page could be useful if it was an overview of various theories relating to the history of science, i.e. Popper, Feyerabend, Kuhn, Shapin, Latour, etc. but at the moment it is highly questionable in its usefulness or encyclopedic nature.  	0
THE SAS artilce was completely innacurate and it needed to be rewriten, im sorry but you are wrong - b1link82	1
== Very short and very clear ==Slaves - to gas chambers.	1
-That stuff about Hadal was really funny. I bet it is true anyway.	0
Sorry I got the wrong page before.  I am no way an SAS wannabee i'm not good enough to get into the paras let alone the SAS.  I don't want to join as I can make more money through business and property.  However I do have an interest in the SAS and know my stuff - kinda like my specialist subject.  How does this make it a 'fan site' there are plently of them and they are crap, this is an information and statistical site being an encyclopedia and thereofre need facts and not opinions.  I am happy with the article, please do not revert it without further consultation between me and other peopel who have an opinon.	1
www.skyscrapers.com lists it as 293 and that is the correct height - b1link82	1
  In all instances, I never told them the definition written here, but only asked them if they heard of it.Anyone born in the Hawaiian Kingdom were automatically Hawaiian subjects, regardless of ethnicity.  Hawaiian statute provides that any person born within the territorial jurisdiction of the Hawaiian Kingdom of either Hawaiian subject parent(s) or Alien parents acquires Hawaiian citizenship at birth.  This of course was prior to 1898.  If you think about it, if there is kama'aina haole to specify the Haole descendants of missionaries, why wouldn't there be one for all the other ethnicities?  It seems rather absurd to me.	0
 :::::::::: I seems that it is the other way around, you are lying... before you edited the article both side claims were presented as positions, while you came in and colored the entry with claims that were presented as facts, when there were some that could even not be supported from the other side. I had even added a section to present the Turkish government version. The entry is not about what an ultra nationalist blinded by patriotism think is true, but presenting positions as they are recognized, and right now, the entry is not this anymore.  	1
293 is structural height inclusive of all furnishings - whihc is internationally known as the correct height.	0
21 and 23 SAS are not part of the SAS as if they want to join 22SAS they need to do selection.	0
: Adam, I reported  at Wikipedia:Administrators' noticeboard/3RR#User:Corax; page is now protected on the wrong version. Good luck on this one.  	1
`:Mahalia Jackson's ``Move On Up A Little Higher`` is a gospel song.  Some others, like Etta James and Dinah Washington, did some gospel and some soul (though not really rock), though I don't know about the specific songs listed.  `	0
`::My current favourite page is Wikipedia:Millionth topic pool. You can quite easily submit these article titles there! The ``Millionth topic pool`` is a bit of fun and seems to reflect some of the Wikipedia zeitgeist. BTW is my grammer wrong?  `	0
 2005 (UTC)*Oppose.  The proposed move violates Wikipedia:Naming conventions (common names)#Don't overdo it by substituting a neutral clinical name for one that is clearly offensive to some people.  This proposed move also fails to explain why this one term is prefered over other options such as Pyroflatulence, Fire fart, and Blue flaming. '''' 15:21, Apr 4,	1
`::Getting the most first preferences does not equate to ``most popular party``. Why do you insist on this?  `	0
== Note: ==I also have problems involving user: Veriditas. I'd suggest ignoring him, although he and user: Jewbacca have launched a campaign, re: arbitration, and the operant idea with such things is 'fighting like hell.' I find these people distracting and annoying. Sorry you had to deal with them.  	1
Ahh..., I see the disambig page. Well, if you have some sources, I would appreciate if you could list them on the article under a heading like this: ==References== . PS, keep it up!  	0
I should have mentioned that I deleted the second version some days ago.  	0
== Bye bye jerk!! ==I guess this means you will not be crying about the Nazis anymore. What is your problem with Nazis anyway? Did you date a Nazi woman and she broke your heart?? What a shame!!!TAB_TOKENTAB_TOKENTAB_TOKENYour life isn't worth living anymore so pleasee KILL YOURSELF!TAB_TOKEN TAB_TOKENTAB_TOKENYou know I'm right. You've felt this way for a long time. You've probably been thinking about killing yourself for quite some time. I'm here to tell you, it's all right. Go ahead. Do it. It won't hurt. Be brave. All your troubles will be over. You won't have the pain anymore. Everyone else? Don't worry, they'll get by. You never really did fit in in Australia or anywhere else for that matter.  Do what must be done. TAB_TOKENTAB_TOKENWhat do you mean It's not your fault things turned out badly? It certainly IS your fault. You ought to be ashamed of yourself for what you've done in your failed life - and failed to do. Maybe things could have changed if you weren't such a weakling and hate-filled person. You're defective. You've been that way for a long time. You are proof that God makes mistakes.TAB_TOKEN TAB_TOKENTAB_TOKENTAB_TOKENYou disgust me. You should have died a long time ago. You know I'm right.	1
soudns interesting but not much to do with the VC thoghu - b1link82	0
IT IS 85 LEFT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  	1
hey soz for all the swearing - b1link82	1
==Thanks==Thanks for the kind words on my talk page. It's frustrating when you think you're doing good (if thankless) work and you keep having to defend yourself over and over and over again. However, friendly words from others help a ton, my spirits have been lifted.  	0
its punk rock - they say so themselves!!!!	0
Female Auxiliaries Who Assisted the SS in Running the Nazi Concentration Camp System	1
when they won the award for best new act or whatever i quote 'thanks guys and just keep on supporting punk rock, thankyou. SO YOU ARE WRONG THEY CALL THEMSELVES PUNK ROCK. - b1link82	1
So google is right and the band members are wrong, i am not allowed to call you an idiot but if i was allowed to i would.  	1
1. punk rock because they band say they are you (cant swear but i hate you).	1
, obviously Lan3y knows more about the band than mark and tom, an  example of Stupidity.	1
:It's a list, not an article.  User:Docu	0
`== Passenger Volume, 2003 ==According to the GTAA site, Pearson had 24,739,312 passengers in 2003.  That means that it's not accurate to say ``more than 25 million``, since the number is actually fewer.  We could write ``nearly 25 million``.`	0
  The term fits precisely.	0
`Keith, you are indeed classicjupter2, and you are also reminiscent of jupiter in other ways, such as in twinkie ways.  Also, what do you mean about the ``boiler rooms and abandoned navy yards``?  BTW, whatever happened to the Keith Wigdor article?  It seems like that pursuit has been abandoned, too, like abandoned navy beans at the bottom of a boiler pot.  Keith, we are all waiting for you to begin promoting yourself again.  George Dubya wants you to fly out to Texas to help him write the Michael Jackson wikipedia article.  Awaiting your input...  `	1
:I agree. The reference should be removed.  For some reason, it just feels out of place.  And the enormity of this particular papal funeral makes it incomparable to any memorial service for a public official in history, in my opinion.  It can't and shouldn't be compared to anything else.   	0
==Blink 182==You ahve 3 Blink 182 CD's???? WOW I have 24 motherfucker.  So I do know what I am talking about.	1
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My Blink 182 CD's*Blink 182 Tour Edition*Blink 182*Take Off Your Pants And Jacket*The Mark, Tom And Travis Show*Enema Of The State Concert Version*Enema Of The State*Dude Ranch*Cheshire Cat*Buddha*Down*Down Promo*Always*I Miss You DVD*I Miss You*I Miss You Promo*Feeling This DVD*Feeling This*Stay Together For The Kids*First Date*I Won't Be Home For Christmas*Rock Show*All The Small Things 1*All The Small Things 2*What's My Age Again 1There you go all 24 'and they're all real, legitimate, boxed copies bought at retail price'.  Oh I don't wear their hoodies, wrong there as well.  They are still punk rock as well.	1
===Skateboard===I do not own a skateboard knob-end.	1
Fanboi - it is fanboy and I am not, I'm just normalSkateboard - I do not own oneHoody - I used to haev aVans oneAbject Depresion - NonePierceings - None3/4 Length (i preseum) trousers - None Blink 182 - Punk rock not pop punk	0
`:::Common mistake, and doesn't matter (but the design certainly prioritises stability; ``growth`` was added to the name as a kind of reassuring afterthought). Certainly worth a See Also link from Euro.  `	0
Thanks for experimenting with Wikipedia. Your test worked, and has now been removed. Please use Wikipedia:Sandbox for any other tests you want to do, since testing material in articles will normally be removed quickly. Please see the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia. Thanks.   |  	0
== Architectural ==Changed paragraph mentioning that older georgian buildings on campus include pierson and davenport, etc.  As described in Building a University, 1919-1940, a five-part exhibit celebrating the architecture of Yale University, those buildings were actually built by Rogers along with the other residential colleges.  the georgian/gothic differences are for age and stylistic reasons.  Some structures, such as Branford/saybrook and JE, were existing 1920s gothic buildings modified as residential colleges.  The other colleges with gothic exteriors are all visible from Sterling Library and as such are kept in context.  Rather than have a blandly uniform style across the campus (like most of harvard, had to throw that in there) as was originally planned by the university, Rogers used georgian architecture in areas not visible from Sterling. Thus Georgian Dport and TD are actually newer than many of the gothic buildings on campus. On a side note, the limestone portion of saybrook was originally the Sheffield Scientific School.   	0
I'll go through the redirects to make sure they're straightened out too once I'm sure the changes I made are accepted enough to be stable.  	0
*Since there have been no comments here and since someone has rewritten the text to correctly name the town, I'll likely move this to the proper name in a day or two.  So if you have a reason not to move it, please comment.  	0
*Perhaps you misread what Jayjg actually said: The ANC is not the anti-Apartheid movement, and it's not clear this affected Jewish-Black relations. In other words, he's asserting that ADL has had diferences with the ANC, not the anti-Apartheid movement per se; if you wish to present that the ADL and the anti-Apartheid movement were at odds, educate us  provide us with some sources.  	1
Actually, I read the wog article to say that the rather oddball speculations other than the dictionary explanation of the word's origin were highly suspect.  Dictionaries are authoritative works and not prone to publishing idle speculations about etymology.   	0
`There are many issues involved here, beyond what any individual might wish to see or not see, and the overall effectiveness, popularity, and usefulness of this project is I believe at stake. The issue of the particular image in question has been closed for the time being, Though curiously it was closed immediately after someone posted a note questioning the claim of its supposed ``free-use`` copyright status, which actually, to my knowledge had not been investigated. It is my understanding that the image is now ``safe`` from further debates about its inclusion for at least a month. I can accept this. I do not in any way accept the idea that the case, or the issues that it raises, are closed, and that myself or anyone should simply ``shut up`` about it. On another issue that my activity has raised: I do generally deplore notifying people of things to which they have not expressed any indications of wanting to be involved with in any way, and whether for commercial, political,  or general social goals I would indeed consider that ``SPAMMING``. I  would prefer to consider what I have done ``targeted campaigning`` upon an issue, in which a very strong and very clear consensus that had been indicated in no uncertain terms was CERTAINLY being ignored and evaded. Very contrary to some people's  assessments and accusations against me, I had NO intentions of keeping my actions secret, nor disguising them in any way. I actually expected people's reactions to them to further publicize the issue in question, and that is exactly what occurred. To the minority of those who I contacted who were in any way offended by my attempts to notify them of what was occurring, I can and will apologize, and I ask their pardon. The responses that were generated would indicate that the majority did not feel that way. What I would consider genuine ``spamming``, or at least the most obnoxious extremes of it, is engaged in by people who are well aware that hundreds or thousands of people will be burdened and offended, for every one who might respond positively to their actions, much like the posters of these photographs, which most people DO classify as hardcore pornography, normally limited to ADULTS, including the providers of the images. From the main page of their site I have extracted these quotations (``bolding`` mine): :See our site review in Jane's Sex Guide HornyBoy was rated ``Quality and Original porn``. Check out the complete review in the new listings. Feb '05 :This site contains images of naked men engaging in perverted sex acts, including autofellatio and gay sexual contact. '''Please leave now if you are offended by this material, or if you are under age 18, or live in a community where possessing or viewing adult sexual material is illegal. By entering you certify that you are an adult over 18 and wish to view sexually explicit material. '  TAB_TOKEN :This autofellatio site is labeled with ICRA  This selfsuck site is approved by asacp self-suck and auto-fellatioTAB_TOKEN :Hornyboy is devoted to the pursuit of male sexual gratification. The focus of Hornyboy is gay and straight male autoerotic perversions with special attention to autofelatio, which is the art of male selfsucking. Boys sucking their own dicks and getting totally fucked up on their dicks in a male selfsex frenzy. Hornyboy celebrates young men & twinks acting out in their most private and perverted male dick sucker sexual encounters.:HornyBoy features autofellatio, self suck, and gay twinks self sucking. If you like gay school boys and horny young boys you will enjoy our straight boy sex dick suckers. The perverted boys claim their perverted teacher made us selfsuck our dicks when they are forced to have perverted twinks sex and perform auto fellatio in the classroom.  :All materials presented on HornyBoy are copyright protected. Unauthorized reproduction, display, or distribution of this material, in whole or in part, is a violation of federal copyright laws and international copyright treaties. Please send questions or comments to the webmaster. 2004-2005 HornyBoy.com / Rudebox Media Inc., All rights reserved.''As I have stated, I have many other things to attend to, but I do expect to be engaged in this debate in the coming weeks and months, but not every day. ~   `	1
Welcome!Hello, and welcome to Wikipedia, ! I hope you like the place and decide to keep contributing. Since I see you've already been active here, let me just give you a few links that are always useful as a handy reference guide:*How to write a great article*Editing, policy, conduct, and structure tutorial*What Wikipedia is not*Wikiquette*Wikipedia's NPOV policies*Current pollsI hope you enjoy editing here and being a Wikipedian. If you have any questions, see the help pages, add a question at the village pump or feel free to ask me on my ''' page.Oh, and just in case you don't already know: to sign your name on a Talk page like I did below, the easiest way is just to type four tildes (~~~~). To customize your signature, look here.And remember:Be Bold'''!	0
==Thanks==...for supporting my RFA this week; I'll put the admin powers to good use, I promise.  Yes, I had originally not wanted to be an admin, but Tuf-Kat and Mindspillage persuaded me to change my mind; they were right.  Happy editing!  	0
`I think there are two related concepts that get called ``autosexual``:# people who feel sexual attraction towards themselves but not towards anyone else/any other type of person. # enjoying oneself sexually as iMeowbot describes) I'm happy to see the more common usage from developmental psychology here, but I don't want to lose the previous sense. I believe there really are people in the first category , who do identify as ``queer`` and/or ``having alternative sexuality.`` I'd like to put back some text about that form of autosexuality. (I'm not sure if I'll be able to get to it in the next couple of days though.)   `	1
At 23:13, 10 Mar 2005, SqueakBox edits a comment and adds his own take to the comment on Cumbey's user page. 	0
:::::I did not delete anything.  I moved to Critiques to keep the logical order of the artcle, and I even added a section summarizing criticism for the Overview.  I resent your characterizations of my edits.  I have not deleted relevant text and I have explained my edits based on relevancy, which is fully consistent with Wiki policy.  Mr. Pitchford did, on the other hand, delete very relevant text, with no explanation and no attempt to work constructively.  If you want to revise the brief summary of criticism in the Overview, please do, but please keep it brief.	1
== 63.67.218.148 ==Sorry to be harsh to whoever this person is, but s/he's been adding content that's unacceptable, for example, s/he added a section on how all the male students are sexually deprived and all the girls are mules, etc.  Read through the history.  Thanks a lot though and I hope you don't think I'm being a jerk.  Just trying to deal with vandalism. 	1
`:What's up with all the recent vandalisms?    `	0
:But you originally gave no references at all! 	1
`== Text removed ==In an appearance on ABC News's Nightline on March 15, 2005, Michael Schiavo cited the willingness that Mrs. Schiavo's parents expressed to keep her alive by any means necessary, including quadruple amputation if needed, as a key reason for denying transfer of guardianship to them. :No, the transcript does not say that.  Schiavo makes it quite clear that it has nothing to do with the Schindlers.   SCHIAVO: If I moved on with my life  and I moved on with a portion of it  but I still have a big commitment to Terri. I made her a promise...And another reason why I won't give Terri back is that Mr. Schindler testified in court, at the 2000 trial, that he would  to keep Terri alive he would cut her arms and legs off and put her on a ventilator just to keep her alive...It's not about the money. This is about Terri. It's not about the Schindlers, it's not about the legislators, it's not about me, it's about what Terri Schiavo wanted. I am in the process of tracking down this testimony, as I recall reading parts of it in another article.   |  ::Ok, here it is, from the December 2003 report to Governor Bush by Dr. Jay Wolfson from the University of South Florida::::Testimony provided by members of the Schindler family included very personal statements about their desire and intention to ensure that Theresa remain alive.  Throughout the course of the litigation, deposition and trial testimony by members of the Schindler family voiced the disturbing belief that they would keep Theresa alive at any and all costs.  Nearly gruesome examples were given, eliciting agreement by family members that in the event Theresa should contract diabetes and subsequent gangrene in each of her limbs, they would agree to amputate each limb, and would then, were she to be diagnosed with heart disease, perform open heart surgery.  There was additional, difficult testimony that appeared to establish that despite the sad and undesirable condition of Theresa, the parents still derived joy from having her alive, even if Theresa might not be at all aware of her environment given the persistent vegetative state.  'Within the testimony, as part of the hypotheticals presented, Schindler family members stated that even if Theresa had told them of her intention to have artificial nutrition withdrawn, they would not do it. Throughout this painful and difficult trial, the family acknowledged that Theresa was in a diagnosed persistent vegetative state.  |  :::: Uhm, how does Mr. Schindler saying that he would cut her arms and legs off not represent that statement? I'm not understanding where your quibble is... the testimony? The statement about amputation? ``a`` key reason vs. ``the`` key reason? Please explain why you removed the text, as I'm not seeing a clear explanation.  :::::The editor wrote that the statement in question was a key reason for denying transfer of guardianship to them.  The transcript does not say that.  If anything, Schiavo makes it clear that this is one reason directly connected to the Schindler's inability (probably for religious reasons) to respect Terri's wishes.  The quote in Wolfson's report makes that clear, but Schiavo only alludes to the testimony in the transcript.  Also, Michael Schiavo further clarifies in the transcript that this is not about what he wants, but about what Terri Schiavo wanted.  The statement that was removed from the article attempted to distort these facts.  Further, the statement by the Schindlers has been put to rest on page 34 of Wolfson's report:Of the Schindlers, there has evolved the unfortunate and inaccurate perception that they will ``keep Theresa alive at any and all costs`` even if that were to result in her limbs being amputated and additional, complex surgical and medical interventions being performed, and even if Theresa had expressly indicated her intention not to be so maintained. During the course of the GAL's [Guardian Ad Litem] investigation, the Schindlers allow that this is not accurate, and that they never intended to imply a gruesome maintenance of Theresa at all costs.   |  :::::: Re-added text, with efforts to manage such issues, feel free to adjust as needed!  ::::::With respect to the statement that Michael Schiavo said in a transcript that ``this`` (ending her life) ``is not about what he wants, but about what Terri Schiavo wanted,`` it is important to note that he said exactly the opposite in a sworn deposit	0
My position is that the assumption that C14 levels have been fairly constant is a reasonable starting base for dating items.  However, this assumption is not necessary because of the existance of calibration curves.  Basically, we get almost the same namers from calibration curves that we get from just assuming that C14 levels have been constant for the last 10,000 years.  We have two independent ways of getting at the same data.  The chances of both methods giving us mostly the same data by pure chance is really small.   	0
== Type 3 Diabetes ==Would someone care to provide a cite on the existance of Type 3 as a bonafide category? The only thing that I can find, is an article dated the 9th of this month discussing the possible need for the lable in connection with an Insulin issue involving the brain, [Scientists believe type 3 diabetes uncovered].  Unless a confirming cite can be presented, that section should probably be excised. Also, I have yet to come across anybody referring to Gestational Diabetes as Type 4 , or Type 'Anything Else'.   PST:I'm indeed not sure what the origin of this classification is. Perhaps searching for 3A, 3B etc may uncover something. | 	0
KISS MY HAIRY BOTTAY    SCREW YOU ALL IF YOU LIKE DICTATORS DIE DIE DIE 	1
```Stories in Samurai Shodown have been made into anime, while some anime series, most notably Rurouni Kenshin (Nobuhiro Watsuki, the creator of Rurouni Kenshin, incidentally, created some of the new characters in Samurai Shodown V), are homages to Samurai Shodown.``:This makes no sense. Is this refering to the Samurai Shodown anime? I'm reluctant to edit because I don't know anything about Rurouni Kenshin or Nobuhiro Watsuki. Can someone who knows what this is trying to say help out?  `	0
Hi, the text on Helen Bevington is a copyright violation: You have taken it verbatim from Copyright violation http://www.ncwriters.org/services/lhof/inductees/bevington.htm . Please delete it again!Best wishes,  	0
*Note: This is the first edit by this user, the users second edit was vandalism aginst a user page. |  	0
`:Yes, but you will need to add the variables to all the pages first.    `	0
:I was just about to do the redirect as you suggested, but then it occured to me that the first page (LTS Railway) is more about the history of the company pre-grouping, while my page (LTS Line) is more about the line's route and operations today (cf. South Eastern Railway vs Chatham Main Line). I'm willing to merge the articles together, but would prefer that there were two seperate articles - if you look at other articles on Template:Britishmainlines then most are route descriptions rather than the history of companies. Let me know your thoughts - thanks,  	0
`== Surrealism in 2005? ==Keith, where is your new ``surrealism in 2005`` article?  The year is one third of the way finished, and still no new essay.   `	1
`NOTBELOW IS ANOTHER OF SQUEAKBOX'S LIES AND MISREPRESENTATIONS:  I have absolutely no control over what others put on their board.  What Mr. Van Nattan writes are his own thoughts.  My book was the standard reference of the 1980s on the New Age Movement.  I disagree with Mr. Van Nattan on many items, including what I consider Catholic bashing.  For anything written by him to be imputed to me is untrue and unfair.  This is as logical as SqueakBox imputing to me every IP address disagreeing with SqueakBox from anywhere in Michigan (i.e. Allen Park, Michigan, where I have probably been maybe 3 to 4 times in my career as a lawyer and no other contact  certainly I have no IP address emanating from Allen Park, Michigan.  The Detroit metropolitan area has at least 3.5 million residents.  Equally ridiciulous is imputation to me of things fro Reston, Virgina, and his biggest stretch was that if it came from Toronto, it had to be Cumbey as that is ``so close to Detroit``.  Clearly his major was not USA geography.  As far as ``original research``  my research on Solana was all culled and distilled from other works.  Synthesizing this is what encyclopedic research is about.  I don't know what SqueakBox is talking about as original research.  Does he mean I went to Solana's house and office and took physical measurements.  This is idiotic and he has turned Wikipedia into an idiotic circus.  I'm happy that he has nothing better to do with HIS time.  As for me, I must practice law for an honest living!`	1
 (have never been there and as far as I know, know nobody there)	0
 by CONSTANCE E. CUMBEY	0
.- No, it is clear that Mark Ulfers attended the well publicized funeral of a Four Seas Gang leader a couple of years back. I am not speculating	1
If you have any idea of what Blank's Pond is, you know what I mean by sewage accumulation pond. All it is is a muddy puddle about 5 feet wide and 10 feet long. Maybe it was once used for ecological studies, but not in 10 years. Many parts of the original article drastically misrepresent what TAS is. There is no olympic sized swimming pool, the library is not close to rivaling that of a small liberal arts college. I just come to spread the truth.Allentchang, the point is that there are a rather large number of crimes at TAS versus the rest of the Taiwanese schools and it has often been the subject of Taiwanese media. I don't see how you can deny that. Yes, a lot of students go to the UC system, but that doesn't really say a lot, considering how poor the American education system is compared to the Taiwanese one.	0
Sorry I did not know about the talk page. What I wanted was to portray a true picture of the Taipei American School. The original page was reading like an advertisement.	0
== not that it's a surprise... ==but 192.104.181.229 has basically admitted to being 192.104.181.227 as well...  after all, if .227 was a separate person, .229 wouldn't have replied in the first person to a message left for .227.  I'm tempted to go back and see how many reverts 227/9 racked up in 24 hours...    	0
Heh, look, not EVERYTHING is on google. you are a dumbass.	1
How do we know the credibility of news sources. Also just because it's not reported or hard to find doesn't mean it's not true.	0
:Heh. One might actually construe that actual flies (insects) were banned from zones in Iraq.  	0
 of the sort that also exists in Britain, France or Austria	0
:It's burned in a bomb calorimeter.  This has been added to the article.   	0
:It simply follows wikipedia's convention of using the right name in its historical context. Nothing really surprising here.  	0
:Sorry. I do think that people should be able to directly access the page by typing his common name, though.  	1
`::Sure, I'll have my lawyers call your lawyers P.  Before I edit that spot again, though, could you show me an example of just one function that can be made available/inavailable based on php.ini settings?  I'm not trying to challenge you, I just don't want to make it any wordier than it has to be.  Thanks   :::``Dynamic Extensions`` section of php.ini is used for enabling non-built-in functions.  For example, have ``extension=php_oracle.dll`` (Windows) or ``extension=php_oracle.so`` (Unix/Linux) to have Oracle functions available (given that the Oracle client libraries are also installed).    |  `	1
I do not understand why it is meaningful or informative to include a list of people who have commented on their LSD experiences.  What is the point?  Most of the links do not include any information on when or where or under what circumstances they made the comments.  What is the point?	0
That article also notes the beating of the borough chief and claims of extraterritoriality by TAS students. 	0
`==about DarkSoldier's recent edit==Despite fan insistence, neither the Magical Sword nor the White Sword are actually the Master Sword; Nintendo had the chance to make it so when this game was ported to the Game Boy Advance, but they did not.Now this is not *wrong*, but it's not *right* either. Nintendo didn't (to my knowledge) change Gannon, Rupy, Rupies, etc. etc. etc. nor did they correct the Old man's tentative grasp of the English language. Now I'm not going to revert it (well, I don't have the power to, but that's not the point!), but I don't think this is really ``true`` as such, judging by the other errors still featured in the game. What do you think? Please discuss.  `	0
`::Why do you think this was an attempt ``to coerce or intimidate governments or societies``?`	0
# Liberia was founded by the US and considered by many citizens to be an imperialist land grab, as it smuggled slaves away from plantation properties on the Underground Railroad to deposit.# Italian annexation of Ethiopia was to supplement their existing empire in Africa, which was merely finishing the work they started earlier, so it is entirely in context to the discussion.	1
` Apr 2005 (UTC)The ``urban legend`` for Papal involvement with the Nazis  is expanded upon the Centre Party (Zentrum)page where  references and  facts are provided  sufficient to warrant  the  case .  21:33, 19`	0
:I agree that listing by state is more meaningful (at least to me), but I didn't want to undo the work that was done.  So unless I hear agrguments to the contrary, I'll do what you suggest  maintaining two lists would be a lot of extra work anyway.  	0
::Most unionists in the US today are not Marxist Class War unionists, though they still do exist.:: Modern unionists who assault or otherwise try to prevent people from crossing picket lines are properly referred to today as 'unionist trash', or 'subhuman union garbage'. Those engaging in this sort of violence still deserve to be gunned down or otherwise killed.	1
Puja Germs is not just a tag game, its an entire culture. However, I can't find it a on google right now. But Puja mahtani is definitely a legit noted alumni.	0
yeah right i posted links I could find on this talk page, yet they were ignored, blatant claims of extraterritoriality by TAS students were also ignored. ps, not all those edits were mine. It is not vandalism, it is freedom of knowledge. i do not more judgmental statements than other authors do. I simply state that most people believe .... and that these things happened. i don't say its good or bad, why do you think i am not NPOV. sure if you want to nitpick you can see some words that maybe be of negative tone, but i do not believe i am more judgemental than other authors. this ban should be removed and my posts should be reinstated in the name of a neutral, uncensored encyclopedia.  	1
btw there needs to be some serious fact checking on some claims such as.. does blank;s pond actually even exist anymore, or did people realize it was a mud puddle full of shit and fill it up a long time ago. Is TAS really non-profit>? NO! The college acceptance rate for the graduating class has always been above ninety percent.what does this mean? people from TAS get accepted 90% of the time? NO!Seriously, the censorship needs to go away. we've seen that TAS has sports facilities and a hot meal line. we also want to see what the taiwanese people feel about TAS because that is an important part of what TAS is. we need to publish the incidents that are so important to TAS. juz cuz you think it givves TAS a bad name doesn't mean that it shouldn't be published. if its true, then fuck, let there be light. this censorship shit is really really gay.  	1
:Oh, and incidentally, the Wikipedia guidelines for American vs British English say to use whichever is either most predominant in Wikipedia, or what applies best to the article or what the article is written in, in order of ascending priority.  Wikipedia is largely in American English, Gnome is an American project, and reading through the article, the only thing that I can find that is British English and not American, is precisely the word we are quarrelling over.  So I think I can safely say it should be 'organization', not 'organisation'. But I don't want a revert war, so I'm gonna drop it until I hear from you. 'Course, we could always go to arbitration...  	0
`::I think ``took him to task`` is borderline POV (implies he needed taking), how about something to the effect of ``strongly criticized`` or even ``publically rebuked`` would be better.   `	1
`Proposed notice:This article is in a state of constant fluctuation. Due to the high frequency of edits at this time, the content of this article may change rapidly, and may currently contain inaccuracies, POV, and vandalism.  `	0
This article says that Scarab of Ra was originally created for Mac OS 6, but I own the game for the original Macintosh, which I'm pretty sure does not have OS 6 or later ;)I'll find out what my version says about who created it and when.	0
`haha you are a dumb shit. what's so wrong about ``nazi`` or ``hitler``. some dumb american shit that makes nazi or hitler some how incomparable to any other shit? you know what, many people in the world think your dumb american imperialism, assault on iraq, are comparable to the atrocities performed by the nazis. yet ``american`` or ``republican`` is not a diss.let me say it right here out loud: TAS is almost as bad as Nazis! `	1
`==Concerns over Tom Walker==A full two paragraphs is spent discussing Tom Walker's ``rebutal`` of the relatively common position that work-week restrictions are not effective against unemployment.  I was instantly left wondering, who is Tom Walker.   Tom walker turns out to be a social policy activist   (Yes, I'm pretty sure I have the right Tom Walker).  His rebutal has not to my knowledge been published in a peer reviewed journaland my opinion, as a PhD candidate, is that it is riddled with enough errors of logic as to not even merit consideration as reasonable dissent.  Unfortunately, Mr. Walker is so obscure, I can't find anyone who has taken the time to critique him in a peer reviewed journal eitherwhich isn't surprising given that his paper was never published in an accepted journal.  As much as I'd like to include some real argument against the commonly held position of economists, I don't think this Tom Walker stuff passes muster to merit inclusion.  I intend to delete the paragraphs relating to him.  I invite people to come forward with information suggesting that* Tom Walker is actually a figure of merit, qualified to have so much prominence in this article.* has published his rebutal in a generally accepted peer reviewed journalAlso, if people have any replacement suggestions.  Please speak-up.   `	1
what vandalizing are you talking about?	1
for the record optimusnauta is a friend of mine (in real life) so maybe i should have edited his user talk page instead of his user page but otherwise my comment is fine, it's on a user page and it's a personal comment to him. anyways, while you're snooping around in my history you will notice that i've made some positive contribs under the ip too! aha!	1
fair enough. i'll go hide in a hole. good luck with life, kiddo.	1
As I work nights, I will be going to sleep soon.  Goonight everyone - even tom!	1
::::That does not mean anything. Seek consensus before making extensive changes.  ===WP is not a place of advocacy===Andries, please note that WP is not a place of advocacy of any kind. If you want to advocate against Gurus and warn the public about the dangers you see, or to tell your personal story, you have all right to do that but not in WP. Get a website or even your own wiki for that. Thank you.  	0
You see there?  How predictable.	0
You are incorrect to assume that Wikipedians support your Jewish-supremacist beliefs.  The list of the tag-team above, each and everyone of them, are all jewish activists.  Their activity proves it and anyone can review it, and is encouraged to do so.  Wikipedia may unfortunately include your more of your sub-group, but it in no way forms the basis or majority of this online community.	1
For the record, I don't know who 24.30.67.158 is.  David, you are wrong.  Open input is not allowed by this little gang, and you would not appreciate harassment would you? If you agree with these people then you have supremacist sympathies also.  You have not studied the situation fully.	1
  They are deletionists.  	1
*For the record, I don't know who 24.30.67.158 is.  It is clearly not the same person as 69.219.53.58.  David, you are wrong.  Open input is not allowed by this little gang, and you would not appreciate harassment would you? If you agree with these people then you have not studied the situation fully.  They are deletionists.  	1
Nice try.  Aren't slurs against the rules? Isn't defamation against the rules? Jpgordon: You have absolutely no fact to back-up your slurs, so screw you.  You're an immature little crybaby.You and the TAG-TEAM are the true fellow travellers of Supremacists, Revisionists, Deniers, Deletionists.  Your actions have shown the world that.  It's clear as day.  Ha. Great job, Tag-Team, you are indeed an impressive exhibition of Supremacist groupthink.  When's the next meeting? So now, which tag-team member is going to throw out the next slur, defamation and insult to people because they get angry?  single-file please!  You guys are pathetic.  I see you for what you are, and it doesn't bother me one iota what you jewish supremacists think.  You have to live in your skin.  Wikipeida is an OPEN FORUM, get used to it.	1
== Josh Gordon using SLURS: ==Nice try. Aren't slurs against the rules? Isn't defamation against the rules? Jpgordon: You have absolutely no fact to back-up your slurs and personal attacks, so screw you. You're an immature little crybaby.You and the TAG-TEAM are the true fellow travellers of Supremacists, Revisionists, Deniers, Deletionists. Your actions have shown the world that. It's clear as day. Ha. Great job, Tag-Team, you are indeed an impressive exhibition of Supremacist groupthink. When's the next meeting?So now, which tag-team member is going to throw out the next slur, defamation and insult to people because they get angry? single-file please! You guys are pathetic. I see you for what you are, and it doesn't bother me one iota what you jewish supremacists think. You have to live in your skin.Wikipeida is an OPEN FORUM, get used to it.	1
== Other unfair admins ==Hi, we both have some interest in complexity and seek to provide the most informed and correct articles. can you help me deal with unfair and incorrect moderation on another article? Taipei_American_School they keep trying to censor my posts	1
`==One-sided debate?==I would like to engage Pollinator on his claims that I am ``rewriting`` my opponents viewpoints. The following things should be considered: 1) Wikipedia has one viewpoint, that of an encyclopedia. No part of no article can be said to be off-limits to editting.2) I have tried to be reasonable with Ungtss (the editor of the article who is trying to impose his own POV). As it currently stands he wants to have a ``counterpoint`` defense against the criticisms section. This is unacceptable because there will be no end to the point-counterpoint style of an article. If he wants to make points, let him do it in the article itself.3) Two of the arguments are not only specious, they're based on poor research on the part of Ungtss. I have explained this all above.Therefore, it is unreasonable for you to revert the edit which has added quality to the page.  `	1
`I am sad and disappointed by the website and will not contribute to it anymore nor pay much attention or give credit to the this so-called encyclopedia which is a sorry amalgam of U.S.-British prejudices. This is most highly unacceptable with regards to the page on Japanese war crimes. Millions of Chinese and Koreans were tortured to death in Japanese concentration camps. My father was an eyewitness to some of the atrocious war crimes committed in Singapore by the Japanese army and it haunts him to this very day. I cannot believe that due to Japanese economic power, both British and Americans call the Japanese War Crimes ``biased``, as if these were only one point of view. Worse still, the page on Nagasaki does not fully highly the effects of the Nagasaki bombings on Japanese children who were born malformed even many decades later. Technology is controlled by the rich and developed countries and the political truth amended to conform to those in power. I now know first hand how history writing works and will never believe a single words of it. All history are lies.`	1
`::::* It is being quietly discussed in some psychology circles that the current President of the United States, George W. Bush, suffers from a phenomenon coined as malignant egophrenia.  A contagious competition of ``ego``, fighting for dominance among his immediate cabinet and the population at large, with escalating intensity.`	1
. If China was a weaker nation, the truth would never surface just like what America is doing in Iraq now raping and pillaging the people, that will never get reports in the press, all we see will always be Bush's doctored truth on the New York Times proclaiming the war on terror. Anyone with a single braincell in their head will know what is truth and what is a lie and have no need for this stupid encyclopedia whose aim is to further Anglo-American control over spheres of knowledge and of truth. Truth is found in the heart, is found in love and not on some Internet Encyclopedia. Truth is found in the heart	1
Hey Ran, don't be so anal. Don't edit other people's comments on user pages. Don't call what you don't understand Vandalism. Gosh, you guys sould like the thought control police, the self-censorship party and the Nazis.	1
What gives you the authority to talk like that? Gosh, aren't you toilet-trained?	1
I suggest you block your own vulgarity and obscenities as well as the spelling errors in Majullah Singapura and Gross Domestic Product not Products. Please, give me a break, I have better things to do in my life than editing lousy English.	1
`== Keith, where are you? ==Hey Keith, I'm eagerly awaiting your ``Surrealism in Staten Island`` article.  When is that going to come out?  Have you gotten in touch with Terrence Lindall yet?  Do you have any 'Trash from around the World' posters for sale?  I'd like to buy one.  `	1
Indian people say this is just British hogwash.	1
::Holy cow, a bittorrent storage engine for articles? That's awesome. I wonder how well it will work in practice (too much latency?) Do you have any URLs describing the new distributed object system or annon cvs access? I'd love to poke around and see what it looks like. -  	1
So very sorry, I don't believe you!  Hierarchypedia/SqueakBox/David  all SqueakBox sockpuppets as far as I am concerned!	1
`SQUEAKBOX - CAN YOU READ PHONETICALLY, SYLLABLE BY SYLLABLE?``Maradiaga`` is certainly NOT the same name as ``Madariaga``   read it closer! Cumbey`	1
== updating/editing ==By the grace of G-dShalom Sam! You sugest I should be bold in updating/editing pages I presume you have seen my previous updates of Chabad and Lubavitcher Rebbe pages.Sugest how can one be bold and avoid people reverting your pages to previous version like Eliezer have been doing to me? See the editing history of Chabad and Lubavitcher Rebbe pages	1
I hate to disagree with you Ran but that is completely incorrect, the Chinese vernaculars did not start shifting at that time. You can do more research by looking up Middle Chinese and Classical Chinese. The Mandarin never altered the King sound to Jing sound as quickly as that. Most of the colonial invasion came from the Southern Coasts in those days, thus, they romanised from Cantonese and Minnan. Kirin is romanised according to the dialect around Jilin at a different stage that is why it is not calle Katlam. By the way, you are really offensive by blocking me yesterday. You did not read the regulations on Wikipedia that you are not supposed to call users who are newbies Vandals. That is an abuse of your privilege. I notice a lot of experienced editors here who like to block and delete the text contributions of newbies are really mean. Why are educated people so mean? This is a free world and we all have a privilege to speak out part but should also listen to others and not be so quick to censor others.	1
== Vandalism Policy ==Hey RanPerhaps you should re-read this paragraph. Do not impose your deletions on anymore newbies. That will discourage people from contributing to this site, especially vital for non-Chinese speakers learning about Chinese culture. If you like dominating viewpoints, fine, but you are welcome to write and publish your own book or even your own website. Thank you. Good luck.NPOV violations The neutral point of view is a difficult policy for many of us to understand, and even Wikipedia veterans occasionally accidentally introduce material which is non-ideal from an NPOV perspective. Indeed, we are all blinded by our beliefs to a greater or lesser extent. == While regrettable, this is not vandalism ==. See also: NPOV dispute.	1
Whether it is innovative or not is in itself controversial. POV.	1
.It is Nanking and Peking, not Pakking and Namking because you are confusing these early romanisations with the Jyut Ping which is a later linguistic invention. They are also not all romanised according to English. The British invaders came the last. They were first romanised by an Italian Missionary called Ricci and then by the French missionaries. That is why Guangdong is written as Canton. Canton was never meant to be an English romanisation. If you pronounce it in French, it sound exactly like the Cantonese pronunciation of it, even today. Same thing for Peking and Nanking. When you pronounce them in French, Italian, they sound more like the original Cantonese vernacular variant. Do not be so quick to dismiss what you do not know or understand because one day when you need someone to understand you when you are old ugly and lonely, others will also dismiss you in the same way	1
other people'sGosh you can't even speak English which you claim to be your mother tongue. Puh-lease.	1
Hello RanThanks for the comprehensive message justifying your pride in the Northern China. I find all your articles on China very selective and BIASED and your block people whose opinions and facts of China confirm otherwise. I won't block you because I am better than that. This is the EXACT SAME KIND OF MANDARIN CHAUVINISM that has MASSACRED many intellectuals on the Mainland through brute force. I must say that it is disgusting. You do not represent Chinese people and the facts that you substantiate are paramount to propaganda. Stop posting messages on your site and I won't do the same to you. I am not interested in your pages. Thank you very much.	1
:If you haven't seen an admin agree with me then you simply are not paying attention. See above where I quote one. See the page history where one makes the changes I made earlier and told you you were wrong. See your talk page where they tell you you are wrong. See the page with the false vandalism report you tried to file on me and their responses. Someone would have to be pretty blind to miss all of those.  	1
== Singapore / Chongqing ==Hi Ran, I noticed that your blocks violates many of the wikipedia policies. According to Wikipedia policies, a user is not supposed to block another user's right to contribute new facts and POV are supposed to be signaled to a committee for a NEUTRALITY dispute. And vandalism requires votes. I have therefore notified the Board of Administrators about this. Please refrain from blocking new users, also known as newbies, and refrain from posting on the Singapore page and please keep your comments to the Chongqing page. Your co-operation in this serious violation issue is highly appreciated, failing which legal action shall be taken.	1
== Tabib! I am about to start another editing war. Are you ready? ==You have won an arbitration case. Please accept my congratulation! Now I am about to start a new war with you, as your point of view has not been changed. Yor are very nationalistic writer, and my goal is to make you think a bit more, before you do your reverts. Understand?	1
`Many see the rise in Western Europe of what they call the ``new anti-Semitism`` as even more worrisome. Since serious Israeli-Palestinian fighting began in the fall of 2000, there has been a spike in harassment and vandalism targeting Jews, especially in France. Much of that is in poor communities where immigrant Muslims and immigrant Jews from North Africa live side by side. Unemployment and frustrations are high. Arab satellite stations, as well as European news networks, broadcast a steady stream of reports on Palestinians under fire, their homes destroyed, their lands reoccupied, their children killed. There is also, in many parts of Europe, a residue of the old racist attitudes that spawned the Fascist and Nazi policies of the 1930s. One of the presidential candidates in France's upcoming elections, Jean-Marie Le Pen, skirts the limits of the law baiting both Arabs and Jews...`	1
im tired. should i go to bed?	1
now you're saying im not logical? when do these personal attacks end? they dont bother me too much though, becuase you keep saying the same thing. im illogical, im an idiot, whatever. i've gotten used to that one. try a new one. (how did you like the subtle one i made about you with the porcupine?)	1
== ps ==i love to destroy. i guess creating is god's job and destruction is mine. by the way, what gives you the idea that you're anything like a god? (other than the fact that you 'prevent destruction')	1
so wait, mr porcupine, when did you say you were planning on blocking yourself?	1
mr porcupine, i hope im not keeping you from your work by talking too much.	1
`Putin's photo ==The reason why I swtiched the photo earlier is that in the official potrait, I think Putin is ``zoned out`` or ``stoned`` in the photo. I switched it to one that still came from the Presidental website, but of him speaking (so we can give him life! ))   == `	1
` 2005 (UTC):::::India/Pakistan was certainly as much a part of Britain as Central Asia was of the Soviet Union. And what about the US and Australia, and Brazil, and South America all were considered colonies, but they were also not necessarily occupied people, or ``natives``. Sorry, I'm not getting it...  00:38, 1 May`	1
I gave as close to an accurate figure as I could come up with. $3,900,000,000 is the number I calculated from the NHC reports. However the the damage figures for Hurricanes Erika an Juan were not listed. Erika's was likely low (<$100 million). Juan's could be anywhere from $200 million to a billion. Also the number of deaths is 92.Ana-2Bill-4Claudette-3Erika-2Fabian-8Isabel-50Juan-8Larry-5Odette-10	1
::That was supposed to be lighthearted.  Tone is hard in text. 	1
`Isn't tart a kind of whore or concubine or courtesane? E.g. ``she's a politician's tart```	1
Futile==The Liberal Democrats do not have a hope in NW Hants even if they have a good candidate. In this constituency unemployment is very low, and home ownership is high, all of which helps Labour and the Conservatives who were the top two parties in the constituency in 2001, both exhibiting positive swings while the Lib Dems lost votes. This is an obvious Tory hold. Nevertheless, good luck Mr Tod. Maybe you'll get to fight for a different constituency in 2010, but by that time the Lib Dems will probably have changed their views on almost everything anyway.==	1
== Molesting ==Most preist cant deal with duece in the holy see	1
== Jersyko ==your like the pot calling the kettle black	1
`:It's interesting you say so. I tend to think of the Gemini-moon child as a sort of ``ace in the hole,`` wink winkdid I mention I love Virgos? Well, listen: I've got a big enough family: we've got 3 Geminis, an Aries, a Scorpio, a Leo & a Virgo. Oy gevelt!  `	1
`== Prefixed-Style of Formal Address ==Per current Wikipedia policy, as claimed by  to have been adopted by a prior consensus, I am prefixing the formal title of ``President`` to the present biographical entry. Do not revert this edit unless you can dispute the existing Wikipedia:Manual of Style (biographies) policy regarding Honorific Prefixes, and the entry on Style (manner of address) containing examples.A survey is currently being conducted at Wikipedia talk:Manual of Style (biographies)/Survey on Style-Prefixed Honorary Titles in which I encourage you to participate.  `	1
== Morning glory page moves ==I disagree with you moving the movie and plant articles around without discussion first. I believe that the morning glory plant is a primary usage of the phrase, and should be at Morning glory, while keeping the disambig. article at Morning glory (disambiguation), and the movie's title has a capital 'G', and doesn't need '(film)' after it to disambiguate it, so it should be at Morning Glory, There has been a move request made regarding (part of) this issue. If you have no objections, I will move everything back to the way it should be.   	1
I agree, this guy is a piece of shit!	1
== liar ==This guy is such a thief and a liar! He should be quartered!	1
== Hate ==This guy is such a liar, i hate him. He is evil!	1
Your just a stupid red neck and you make no sense, to us much smarter yankees!	1
== nixie, part 2 ==You banned me after you warned me because I was making to much sense to your lover. You are very unfair.	1
== pope ==Im sure this will get removed cause this site doesnt allow any opionion unless your one of the nazis that watch this site. I think the pope is so outdated, just like the king or queen of england and catholics should focus on all the problems with the catholocism and not who the new old pope is.	1
`:::Yuber, I think you're much smarter than that.  I could argue that ``almost anyone`` thinks that Yasser Arafat was a corrupt, degenerate imposter, but that doesn't give me the right to flag such a categorization (if it existed) as ``minor.``   `	1
`*Don't worry, I'm happy for you to do that! I don't think we had fully thought this through, but this is the first time Wikipedia has tried to cope with an election, and there are bound to be things we can learn from. I'm happy for you to put those details in. I've been filling in the missing details from the BBC and updating the Member of Parliament section, as well as checking things off the progress list. Unless we had lots of people helping, I don't think the ``pick regions`` method was going to work.  `	1
::Yuber, you're the POV pusher, and stalking my contrib page to revert me is getting really old. Knock it off.	1
==YOU POV PUSHING REVERT MONKEY==Stop reverting things when you could make edits, you stupid POV-pushing revert monkey.	1
==3RR RULE==That's FOUR for you today already at Saudi Arabia, Yuber. I'm assuming good faith and not going to report you on it yet. Knock it off. 	1
==NPOV==Kindly explain what edits you claim I've made - that are not themselves Yuber's nonsensical POV pushing - were POV.I've seen enough abuses of Admin power over the years to wonder if you're not just yet another POV-pushing admin. But I'm assuming good faith on your part for now.	1
`:::Thus the NPOV words ``VARIOUS FORMS`` in the article, POV pusher. Iran, it is true, is the only other nation to call theirs ``Mutaween``. Not even the Taliban called their religious police Mutaween, but you at least admit they HAD them. Egypt enforces it as a special division of state-employed clerics. Yemen uses theirs to enforce the state's version of Islam as well. Now stop trying to insert factual inaccuracies into the article! `	1
Stop stripping out factual information Yuber, and stop introducing lies. The concept of religious police and police forces dedicated to religious enforcement is NOT unique to Saudi and Iran and you damned well know it. 	1
`:::::::::Yuber, if you keep trying to insert that Iran is the ``only`` Muslim nation which employs police forces as religious enforcement, I'm going to have to keep pointing out that you're lying. It's been proven to you, not just by me, but by Nobs as well. Repeatedly pushing factual inaccuracies into an article is vandalism and you KNOW that. What is amazing to me is that you ignore this and keep on trying to POV push anyways. :::::::::The only reason I put in the stuff about Egypt is that YOU kept whining about adding qualifiers, wanting sources, and kept reverting the wording. But since YOU won't accept ``and in varying forms in other Muslim nations`` as being sufficiently non-POV, we have to get specific.`	1
Also, just FYI, Yuber is guilty of four Reverts today (in violation of 3RR). I'm not reporting him on it but THAT is the reason I called him a Revert Monkey: his tendency to revert pages OVER and OVER and OVER protecting his own POV-laden edits.	1
`:::Yuber, whether the WORD Mutaween is used or not is immaterial. The concept of a division of police - whether folded into the normal police forces or their own separate entity - dedicated to the enforcement of religious law IS in place in Nigeria, Sudan, Egypt, Yemen, Saudi Arabia, and Iran. What about the phrase ``in varying forms`` are you having trouble understanding? `	1
==3RR==Just out of curiosity, have you ever considered RESEARCHING complaints before throwing out bans willy-nilly? 	1
`::::Right here, POV pusher. ::::Also Here.::::Zamfara state maintains an ``Islamic Unit`` similar to Saudi Arabia's ``Committee for the Propagation of Virtue and Prevention of Vice,`` otherwise known as the Muttawa religious police. One of its officials, Alhaji Bello Kuceri, defended their practice of raiding Christian quarters to enforce ``Islamic`` standards on the grounds that ``we are paid to do so, and anybody caught will face the wrath of the law.``::::Get it YET, Yuber?`	1
Eagle, he's just a POV pusher. He was trying to strip the information out of the article, and started chain-reverting in order to do it. He's STILL lying and saying that the only Muslim nations with religious police are Saudi Arabia and Iran. Either he's just willfully ignorant or he is deliberately trying to push a very specific POV, and he seems not to care at all about facts. 	1
== I don't try to win many friends ==I simply reverting ALL edits by Turkish User:Tabin, because I try to give him a lesson of tolerance. My goal is simple: sooner or later he will request page protection on all of the articles related to his TPOV (Turkish Point of View). This is the only way to help him understand the nature of NPOV. To reach this goal I have big pool of different IP addresses, which I am going to use to cut any of his edits, no matter what his POV is...  	1
::: Gimme a break, these are HOT DOGS not frankfurters.   They've been called HOT DOGS for a century or so.   Just as we wouldn't change French Fries to Freedom Fries cause Georgie B says so we also aren't going to change HOT DOGS to some out-of-date hickville term like frankfurters cause some bloke down underwhere says thats what his mommy calls them.   Times change, buddy.   And Australia has a grand total of 20 million people, half of them speaking English as a third language.	1
====Yuber====Please do something about Yuber's constant vandalizing of pages - in addition to the Dhimmi page, he also continues to push his own POV edits in Saudi Arabia, ignoring the fact that his edits were rejected in dispute resolution. There are a few other pages he's pulling the same garbage on as well. 	1
`::Really the burden of proof is on the person who uses the word and that proof is dead simple. If A) there are truly a significant number of islamofasicts and B) it's not a pejorative term, then the proof is to find people who proudly declare themselves to be ``islamofascists`` or perhaps to point to organizations like the ``Islamofascist Society of America``. Would all the islamofascists out there please raise your hand?  `	1
`01, May 10, 2005 (UTC):Also, I'd like to recommend that you register for an account here at the Wikipedia.  Staying anonymous may weaken your position on discussing these matters, even if you're in the right.    |  16:`	1
*I really enjoyed reading your words, you just said that concern about democracy and freedom is communist bias, I really think you're right, thanks comrade! I would care so much that I included all the parties with parliamentary representation in the list, from PP to BE, not only the PCP, unlike what you did, of course, so, if someone is making bias is not me, perhaps it is you. *If carnation revolution is a thing from the past why don't you go back and try to live under the Fascist rule? Perhaps you would not be able to open that silly mouth for so long, ask older people, ask the tortured and the imprisoned, they are not so few, they are hundreds, and they really noticed the change. I want to remember the Fascism just because I don't want it back, it's not any stupid obcession... Carnation revolution marked the rupture with the past and opened the path of the future, our future, the youth's future, the one you're walking through, right now! Even don't deserving it... *Reading your words I became ashamed of a part of the Portuguese youth, but more proud of being a son of those who made and respect the democratic Revolution.	1
 I Love to eat rectal yoghurt	1
::If we agree about the above, than Islamofascism should be deleted and merged with this one?!   	1
==User: Yuber==Hello, KaintheScion. I removed your entry from Wikipedia:Vandalism in progress, as it does not appear the user in question has actually engaged in vandalism. Please take a look at Wikipedia:Vandalism to see what Wikipedia considers vandalism. If the user has vandalized in this manner, feel free to re-add the entry, and provide diffs to point us to examples of the vandalism. Thanks!  Knowledge Seeker  :Yuber has been trying to reintroduce misinformation which was rejected during earlier dispute resolution of Yuber's LAST revert war on the Saudi Arabia page: see the last version as instated by Admin Petaholmes (here). This is bad faith and counts as Sneaky Vandalism (introducing misinformation) as listed in the vandalism page. 	1
SEE YOU IN PERSON, I'M GOING TO FUCK YOU UP BIG TIME.	1
surBold textItalic textLink title== Nick Is The Biggest gimp ever ==rounding	1
`== My recent revrt/un-revert ==I'd like to publicly apologize for my recent reversion/unreversion of this article. The Wiki watchlist showed me a detrimental difference that was not, apparently, really there; I reverted this difference, but then I went back to check the history to see which was the ``truest`` version to revert to. Whereupon I discovered that I was apparently mislead in the first place, so I unreverted my reversion. But if someone really knows the opening date of the Expo, could you check out the article, please? `	1
I changed some of the assumptions the author made regarding the cancellation of the second game. Having actually been at this event, I think I have a good perspective on what happened and why the second game was cancelled.	1
`:::::::::I'd say most people have a distaste for them.   `	1
`== Adding percentages to the table ==I just tried to add the percentages of the seats in parliament to the results table. But that didn't work - I just messed up the table. And because at the moment there will still be many people who want to look that up I quickly reverted the change. The problem is that, as I understand it, before seeing the preview in this page, the Template:Election_Summary_Party first needs to be changed - really changed, not just a preview. What I did was addalign=``right`` |  |afteralign=``center`` |  |Then I changed the entries in the table, for example for the first one (Labour) I added|%          = 55.2after the seats-entry (see below for a more complete example (that one's for an extra row)). But that didn't work. I suppose I need to alter another template, but I don't know how and I don't have the time now to research this. Hopefully someone else can do this in a whiffy. Or is there an easy explanation?Here are the percentages:Labour Party (UK)  55.2Conservative Party (UK) 30.5Liberal Democrats (UK) 9.6United Kingdom Independence Party 0Scottish National Party 0.9Green Party of England and Wales 0Democratic Unionist Party 1.4British National Party 0Plaid Cymru 0.5Sinn Fin 0.8Ulster Unionist Party 0.2Social Democratic and Labour Party 0.5RESPECT The Unity Coalition 0.2Scottish Socialist Party 0Veritas (political party) 0Alliance Party of Northern Ireland 0Scottish Green Party 0Peter Law 0.2Socialist Labour Party (UK) 0Liberal Party (UK, 1989) 0Independent Kidderminster Hospital and Health Concern 0.2Socialist Green Unity Coalition 0Notice that the discrepancies between the percentages for number of votes and number of seats is often quite substantial. For example, the Labour party got 35 % of the votes but 55 % of the seats (mostly at the expense of the Liberal Democrats). Quite a difference! Especially since this means an absolute majority in parliament. That is what I was mostly interrested in when I came to this article. But that info wasn't there, so I had to do the calculations myself. And having done that I thought I might as well add it to the table. It is too important a thing not to point out.To do the calculations I had to add the figures up. Having done that I thought I might as well add that to the table too, but I already got stuck with the first bit. Only the totals for the number of seats and votes make sense, but what I had in mind was this:  |party      = TOTAL  |seats      = 645  |%          = 100  |gain       = -  |loss       = -  |net        = -  |votes      = 26,913,618  |%          = 100  |plus/minus = - 12:08, 2005 May 13 (UTC)`	1
Update:  May 13, 2005:  SqueakBox has made damaging inferential admissions on my own blogspot, www.cumbey.blogspot.com that he fabricated items in various stories he has composed about Javier Solana either here or on his various other internet stalkings seeking to erase all negative references to Javier Solana on the whole worldwide web (a daunting and challenging task!).  He now admits he invented the story about Solana being considered the friendliest child in his grade school class.  I was quite surprised to learn this as I honestly thought maybe SqueakBox had information which could be useful to me in the book I am writing about Javier Solana as well as my Wikipedia contributions and blogspot articles.  I asked him for his source and he publicly posted that he got it from the same place as I got that Ariel Sharon refused to meet with Solana.  The problem with this is that Ariel Sharon really did refuse to meet with Javier Solana and SqueakBox deleted that reference from Wikipedia and defamed me all over the web by falsely claiming I had fabricated that information.  What was fabricated was Squeakbox's claim that the evidence (and website links were posted at the time) did not exist.  J'accuse SqueakBox of intellectual dishonesty to the detriment of Wikipedia and I will be seeking to have him permanently banned from Wikipedia.  Below are just a few of many links proving that contrary to SqueakBox's bold assertions, Ariel Sharon refused to meet with Solana in July 2004! 	1
:Public domain is not fairuse, so which is being claimed? And released by whom?  	1
`:Sigh.  Sea of Galilee is another.  I don't know how to communicate with him, he seems extremely single minded in editing only for the purpose of inserting POV.  `	1
`==Ariel Sokolovsky==you said:``It is considered vandalism. You know that your eponymous article was deleted because you participated in the deletion discussion at Wikipedia:Votes for deletion/Ariel Sokolovsky. Postdlf `` Shalom Postdlf! I'm a new user of Wiki.I don't yet know all the rules.I restored Ariel Sokolovsky page because I saw no reason for it to be deleted as I explained in its deletion page.Ariel Sokolovsky`	1
`I added ``kid`` as one of the spellings of Kid's name.  While it does make the name in its myriad forms look ridiculously complicated, I think that's the point.  His apparent youth is an important part of the story.  Anyway, I might just be being anal.   `	1
==The Number/Sollogfan RfAr==I didn't get your reference to an existing hard ban. If you are referring to the many Sollog sockpuppets that have been banned indefinitely, then at least a determination has to be made that the present two users constitute another pair of sockpuppets from the same uhm drawer, which they have persistently denied. (I personally don't care who they are sockpuppets of, but am convinced that these two accounts are linked.)  	1
`Do not accuse other users of ``vandalism`` for making edits you disagree with. This is considered a personal attack. It is also a misuse of WP:VIP, which is an important policy page. It makes it more difficult for administrators to block actual vandals when dealing with frivolous reports like the one you submitted against User:Yuber. Firebug :Firebug, there is nothing frivolous about reporting a user who without justification starts editing in the same crap that was rejected in consensus after an earlier dispute resolution. Get a grip and stop protecting POV-pushers. `	1
::::While the mind reels at the concept of Pokemon hentai(!), that would probably be worthy of mention since they officially shut it down themselves (as opposed to a fan project going on unnoticed). I never actually heard of that, but then again I've never used USENET outside of LUGNET. So that's probably worthy of mention somewhere, maybe as a blurb under Controversy since it's hentai?  	1
== Communist Party of Soviet Union (Bolshevik) ==Please see Talk:Congress of the CPSU   	1
`:Do you have a reference that mentions the jeering? When I did a quick search I couldn't find any description of ``Hannitizing``. Cheers, - `	1
Yes, you are totally wrong on this.  Go undo your damage.   	1
Not after, smartass. In case you forgot, I was here way before the hardrock-idiot started his stupid webbased forum.  	1
I am glad you understand this. My goal is to make you protect as many articles as possible. I am actually targeting all articles ever edited by user Tabib. I would like to show him the very basic idea of Internet where totalitarian rules cannot be applied...	1
The thing about the knickers i don't know what your knickers look like so don't bother looking at that comment!   	1
 (UTC)== Changlc and Jiang, always together?? ==Why are you two communist clowns so annoying??? 05:12, 20 May 2005	1
::Thanks for the warning.  I noticed that after Changlc reverted something twice and then Jiang came in for the third revert to block me.  Is it possible they are sockpuppets? 	1
p.s.  Wow, these two characters:  Jiang and Changlc are already all over me.  Who are these guys and how can I get them to stop reverting my changes? 	1
 (UTC)Changlc, you should recognize the NPOV!!! Is Jiang your sockpuppet?? 05:13, 20 May 2005	1
You can add things to my user page, and I am not allowed to delete it.  But if I add something to yours, poof, its gone.  You're the problem, dickweed.	1
*Oh yes, you must ban me.  Very much you must.  If you don't, you might have a useful encyclopaedia that works towards providing facts.  We wouldn't want that now, would we?	1
== my balls ==BIG BALLS ive got big balls youve got big balls shes got big balls   theyve got big balls   weve got big balls  weve got big balls          ive got great balls of fire                       BY david swartz	1
== BIG BALLS ==BIG BALLS ive got big balls youve got big balls shes got big balls   theyve got big balls   weve got big balls  weve got big balls          ive got great balls of fire                       BY david swartz	1
:Considering how spread out the pages on Russian Germans are, I think you may be onto something.  Lemme see if I can set one up.   	1
`Your claim for some tracks being ``Hi-NRG`` is ridiculous, since it didn't exist as a musical genre at the time of most of the tracks you erased from the list. Hey, I was there when it hit the charts, and I'm pretty damn sure they were ``disco``. I'd say anything between 110 and 135 BPM falls under the disco category as long as it's from that time and place and has the ingredients. `	1
Why don't you display some common courtesy? I don't see any notification from you on my talk page, for example.  	1
==Thomas the Tank Engine==Hi: I have been looking at some of your edits and, where I can, I have added sources.  You could help us by doing this yourself as you make the changes.  In some cases you made deletions that I did not understand and there was no explanation on the discussion/talk page or in the summary.  If you are deleting something because it is wrong plese explain your reasons in the edit summary. If your changes are reverted and you disagree with that reversion please start a discussion on the talk page.  You have made a lot of constructive changes on other subjects too. Have you considered registering?   	1
Response by a reader:	1
== your mums ugly ==your gay	1
`:How the heck did Bishonen get on that list?  I haven't talked to her for weeks.  In fact, I had forgotten about her since her nomination.  It looks to me like she was just responding to your rallying cry on IRC only because she knew who I was, not because she thought I needed any arbitration with her.  And holy shit, those guys dug far back into some archives to find some comments and take them out of context.  Talk about OBSESSIVE. :In any case, I'll be laughing when your ``evidence`` gets blown out of the water, especially considering that you are a rabid POV violator.  I especially love the ``10k hits are not notable in the slightest`` as being immature.  I'm really curious which part of that was immature, was it the ``slightest`` at the end?  - `	1
Evidence based healthcare is not nonsense, still less patent nonsense.I was distracted by something that couldn't wait*, which is why I hadn't worked out how to make the link from that page, which was searched for by someone on a discussion list called evidence-based-healthcare@jiscmail.ac.uk work properly, or indeed add a discussion.You have my leave to apologise.* healthcare, as it happens, and yes, based on evidence.	1
A very silly comment.  AKM	1
== Redneck ==You shouldnt bad mouth NASCAR. You people think you are gods on this site, you act like nazis. You do masterbate, but your hands not stroking your own unit.	1
== Batteries ==How many D batteries can you put in your mouth, I know you know how many you can fit in you butt	1
  Fixing the link would have been sensible, cryptodork.	1
Whoops, sorry.  You previously agreed to the Prometheus information and you can't outright disprove certain numbers that I've highlighted.  You appeal to ignorance and move the goal posts.  	1
 2005 (UTC):If you mean the 21 points by Piotrus, then it's a rather faithful summary of the work of Jacek Moskwa (the article source is given; too bad it's in Polish only).  16:21, May 27,	1
== Batteries ==I see you dont like me battery boy.	1
== Here's what you said ==23:07, 26 May 2005, Rama blocked 198.74.20.74 (expires 23:07, 2 Jun 2005) (contribs) (Personal insults about a ban. You really must be idiotic. )  Real nice way to insult a user, you should be banned from blocking.	1
 Survey says, chanting fox is idiotic, you people are to be held at a higher level and should just block some one and not make smart ass nazi comments. You people just delete what you dont like, mostly things that make you look stupid, and you people wouldn't stand a chance on an un-edited format. George W. Bush is one of the greatist presidents ever!	1
 1st off, Im not banned, 2nd of, I will just push on your belly and a few will com out your butt! Anyway, Im going to bring over a mortorcycle battery, I think your ready for it.	1
== Informational sites ==Wjbean, regarding your additions (expansion of my notes in the edit summary): both the University of Miami site and Matt Conigliaro's compilation are already listed in the Compilations section just above yours. The old UM link is actually the parent link (with other useful links embedded) of the one you put in. The Yahoo link seems to me to be basically a search engine result, but in any event, most or all of the links are already in the article, thus it seems duplicative to me.Although they don't show up in the article, I merely remarked them out (and moved the UM and AbstractAppeal links up to the Compilations section) just in case a consensus decides that they should remain or supercede the originals (especially with that rigorously formal biblio-styleis that APA?), or be 86ed.The link to Eric Zorn's collection used to be in the article but got discarded somewhere along the line. I couldn't stand his columns when I lived in Chicagoland and read him almost every day, but he did a nice job on this one. No offense intended.  	1
DAMN ur an ugly fukka	1
I think it is rather obvious what to do sir. You really ought to stop taking it up the arse. And stop fucking children too you paedophile 	1
This is the shared ip of a swiss school. There are vandals and serious users, using this ip.	1
`I supose we are writing a comic book here. Where is the proof that Dashnaks and Hunchaks killed thousands prior to the Genocide? Where is the proof of ``Armenian rebellion`` besides the Turkish claim for such? Where is the undisputed and verified proof for all of these claims? This is not a site to transmit Turkish denmilait propoganda any more then the Holocaust entry legitimizes Nazi false claims against the Jews. The level that the Turkish side approaches this issue is - for the most part - entirely unworthy of serious discussion - as it certainly is not presented as such. The issue here is first and foremost presentation og the Armenian Genocide - an event that did occur and is acknowlwedged as such by practically every serious scholar who is familiar with is - including an overwhelming number of Holocaust scholars. I agree that the current article is seriously lacking in context and detail - however a presentation that attempts to disprove the Genocide by offering up Turkish justifications and denials is a diservice to the truth and has no place here.  `	1
:I just took a lok at Fidonet today it's very boring. Now would probably be its least politically tumultous time.:I'm glad I don't have to wade through a whole historical politics section on Fidonet like there are on so many other Internet-related articles. )   	1
I think that is actually useful information that you've removed, angr. So, I've reverted it and added quotation marks.	1
`=== Removed Personal Nerd Fluff ===Kibo is the nickname, username and e-mail address (kibo@world.std.com or kibo@kibo.com) of James Parry (b. July 13 1967), a Usenetter known for his sense of humor, various surrealist net pranks, an absurdly long .signature, and an uncanny, machine-assisted knack for joining any thread in which his nom de guerre is mentioned (to ``kiboze``). His exploits have gleaned him a multitude of enthusiasts, who celebrate him as the head deity of the joke pseudo-religion kibology, centered on the newsgroup alt.religion.kibology. James Parry grew up and lived in Schenectady, New York before moving to Boston, Massachusetts about 1990, where he lives today. He initially was a Computer Engineering major at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI) in Troy, NY, but when he moved to Boston attended Emerson College, where he studied videography and graphic design.  At that time, he also worked as a typeface designer and for the world.std.com internet service provider, whose praises he sings on his website (in a rare moment where he is not being outrageously tongue-in-cheek).  He has a great artistic eye for typeface and developed several fonts in use today.Many assume his nickname is derived from the acronym KIBO, although Parry himself has repeatedly denied this.  Another rumor has it being short for King Body, a pseudonym he very briefly used on computer forums as a freshman at RPI in the mid-1980's.Kibo is a supertaster, and has prosopagnosia.  He frequently dyes his hair, which as of late 2004 is bright orange.  Kibo likes bacon, but greatly dislikes cheese.== External link ==*Kibo's website`	1
`* Inputs for use. Proof that India had a license raj introduced by Nehru: quote from a paper by a Harvard professor at http://ksghome.harvard.edu/~drodrik/Growth%20volume/DeLong-India.pdf - ``This puts a bound on the growth-retarding effects of the ``license raj`` generated by prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru's attraction to Fabian socialism and central planning.`` What do you have to say to this? Is this a massive conspiracy too? Are you going to abuse this professor now as you have been abusing anyone who has pointed out that Nehru's central planning resulted in India being backward?*One more from a paper presented at Yale: http://www.econ.yale.edu/seminars/NEUDC03/shahe.pdf - After decades of lackluster performance under the all pervasive interventionist policy regime espoused after independence (the so-called License Raj), India embarked on a major economic liberalization program in 1991, triggered by a severe balance of payments crisis.*Yet another paper from Harvard website - http://www.cid.harvard.edu/hiid/662.pdf - The pre-independence experience was combined with a very clear inspiration from the experience of the socialist countries, in particular the Soviet Union, which was reflected in the speeches of the Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and in the now famous Mahalonobis model which had many similarities to the work of Feldman for the first Soviet Five year plan (see Domar (1957))11.*From another academic paper - http://www.ndu.edu/library/n4/n035604L.pdf - Remnants of Nehrus command economy haunt virtually every aspect of Indias reform program. Even after twelve years of progress, more than 40% of the countrys capital base remains in government hands.10*-Economist`	1
:::Hey. Dab never asked for removal of all swastikas from this article, he simply asked whether we should have 2 swastikas one below the other. Also, he didn't term it as offensive, he simply said that having 2 of them doesn't look design-wise appealing. Any non-Christian can do a similar thing with Christianity. Understand that Dab is a scholar in Sanskrit more than you and me. Also, he seems to have learnt Hinduism formally. There is no point in such wild accusations. Do you know how much he has contributed in bringing this article and Sanskrit to featured article standard? We don't differentiate people based on their faiths. As long as some one edits conforming to wikipedia policies of NPOV and follows encyclopedic standards, we don't care.   	1
There are three articles vprotected now thanks the the DNA vandal (DNA, organelle and chloroplast, it's flat out vandalism, nothing to quibble over. But I understand if your hands are tied.  	1
`::``Underdeveloped`` in that you would like it to include more anti-Cubic propaganda, Cheradenine? Maybe you should actually disprove Time Cube, if it is so patently false.`	1
, because call an article Jesus is like calling  an article John Thia article is about a specific Jesus. It should be titled Jesus Christ	1
::'Messing about' still doesn't necessarily mean they're having an intimate affair; they may just be, as DudeGalea just said, partners in a black-market operation to profit from illicit meat distribution...  	1
`hahah candied asses.  but seriously, you should use the medical term for ``vagina,`` which is ``fat cunt```	1
:::Ok, reduced to thirty days.   |  	1
>With the development of storage area networks and server farms of thousands of servers,>by the year 2000 the minicomputer had all but disappeared, and mainframes were largely>restricted to specialised uses. The Google server farm is thought to be the largest,>with a total calculation rate three times that of Earth Simulator or Blue Gene, as of 2004.This is bull-shit. Mainframe is still IBM's most profitable branch (literally billions of dollars earned), because banks and governments would never accept the inherent unreliability of PC-farms. Also, PC based clusters simply cannot have the vast I/O performance, traditional to mainframes, which these big brothers require. Without tremendous I/O bandwidht (e.g. serve 15,000 interactive users and six fully loaded ATM circuits at the same time) the CPU power is of little real-world use.	1
::: I see no arguments for a POV tag above - and still no specifics...  It looks like none will be forthcoming from you. -  	1
`==Thanks for your support==Thank you for voting on my RFA. Have some pie! I was pleasantly surprised by the sheer number of supporters (including several people that usually disagree with my opinion). I shall do my best with the proverbial mop. Yours, _>|< `	1
By the way, who do you think you are, warning me about removing totally unrelated music tracks from a disco-listing? Trust me, you're not the only person on this planet who has been (or still is) involved in disco since the seventies. Get offa that clowd, why don't you? I have done more radio than you ever will, so don't talk to me like I am anti-radio or something.  	1
== Banned ==You are banned for life you tube steak loving, meat whistle playing lib!   	1
== Chanting Fox ==Shut up you dumb cunt. Your a nigger  loving, cum cuzzling crack whore bitch!	1
== Chanting Cox ==Shut up you dumb cunt. Your a nigger  loving, cum cuzzling crack whore bitch!	1
== Men ==Why are you always so bias against men  	1
== Disscution ==So I can assume you will just delete this. Why can't you be asked questions on your disscusion page? Like I asked why you are bias against men and you just deleted it?	1
`::::I deleted this because it is totally irrelevant, and frankly, I don't see where the personal attacks here aren't appropriate. Discussing your precious ``personal attacks`` does not apply to some page about MPC. Really, nobody cares anyway, MPC is a stupid in-between format which will never grow big.  `	1
 VEVAK tries to censor the truth 	1
BriefcaseToo much importance is given to the briefcase in this article, hence my cutting of two unecessary sentences.	1
Why don't you complete the comparison on the article?  You obviously know about it.	1
`::POV would dictate a need to remove truth; as the saying goes, ``the truth will set you free.``::I've been doing lyrics for some 40 years and I know what people need to hear: the truth.::I understand your style manual, etc.  we use the California Style Manual out here  but for you to edit a very important part of the Copyright Law: 17 USC Copyrights  201, House Report No. 94-1476 [ownership]: is akin to coming in here and just deleting things as you please.::Everyone (in Music) knows who Morris Levy, Peter Tripp, Alan Freed, and Dick Clark were and the scandals surrounding the Payola cases of the late 50's and early 60's; I think its important to leave this info in there.::Also, its hot news. Don Henly, formerly of The Eagles (we need semi-bold for names or titles in italics), was sued by several members of his entourage for allegations of slavery.::Refusing ownership to things someone else has stolen is very much the issue in copyrights.::The things that you can or cannot copyright, legally, that's the issue; not what happens after you copyrighted it.::You can't justify your definition here if you're hiding an important part of it.:: `	1
`No, they are terrorists just like the Shining Path, or the Tamil Tigers and Sri Lanka, ext. We don't have to have entries on every government 2nd rate communists call terrorist. How about the IRA and the British government? Did they have an entry on the ``terrorist actions`` of the British authorities? I don't think so. Palestinian terrrorism deserves an article all of it's own because it is so extensive, while the ``Israeli terrorism`` article is not only a cotroversial term, but there are so little clear cut cases vs Palestinian terrorism that it would be POV just to have it. Lets just move it to state terrorism where no one is singled out.  `	1
==Yo mama==I fink dat u guys shld stop the sillyn3ss, k?	1
`== Last Paragraph of Clay Aiken's Wikipedia Commentary/Accomplishments ==Everything that has been written about Clay has been a wonderful and a true listing of his accomplishments. These are FACTS.  The SPECULATION about his sexuality is NOT A FACT - so why include it in this document at all.  What a let down at the end of the report to even mention the SPECULATION of him being Gay, which leaves such a negative assumption/suggestion after all the truly wonderful accomplishments previously listed.  Yes, Clay has denied the fact that he is Gay, why not just believe him!  That topic just does not belong with his accomplishments listed on Wikipedia.Furthermore, Clay is a Christian.  He openly discusses his faith and credits his accomplishments to Gods plan for his life. A true Christian believes only in the union between a man and a women.  Clay is NOT GAY.  Get over it!  Those comments just have no place here!I wish you would just write about Clay as the wonderful, caring and ``want to make a difference`` kind of guy that he is. KJLANSER; June 12, 2005; 1:00 pm CST`	1
`== undefined terms ==Am I missing something? What are ``r`` and ``k``? Are they defined before they appear in the article as ``r-selection`` and ``K-selection``?  Why is only the K capitalized?  `	1
`- Ahem, wtf are u talking about sire? I do not practice ``vandalism``.`	1
RM personal attack by Islamist BrandonYusufToropov	1
== See how YOU like it, VANDAL==	1
::Thanks - fancy taking a look at British Institute in Paris which needs a bit of cleanup and name change I think. Same for St George's Hospital Medical School?	1
`:That's because there ARE no ``liberal Muslims.`` I should know. I used to BE a Muslim. My parents came from Saudi Arabia. They tried to sell me in marriage to a 30 year old man when I was 12. I can't ever go home and I have to hide from my family because they will kill me for the ``shame`` I supposedly brought on the family when I left Islam. :This is what Mohammed's mysogynistic religion is all about. Keeping women barefoot and pregnant, nothing more than brood mares. Toropov and ``Anonymous`` should go rot in hell.`	1
===Izanbardprince===*I* am Izanbardprince, I forgot to log in so you saw my IP address.So you go right on fellating large multinational corporations that violate all standards of ethics, and censor me all you want.	1
== Thanks for being late to the party ==but I have added no new articles since yesterday.  While you have all been very impolite and overly protective, I have lost interest in torturing you, so you can go fuck yourself.	1
== Please see a picture of my balls. ==I am uninterested in your little internet power games.  You can eat a dick.  You are way late, seeing as that other dick already both berated me rudely and erased my article about my friend.  You are just pretending like your life has some meaning.	1
== 81.91.192.220 vandalism ==The IP (81.91.192.220) is part of the TOR network, acting as an anonymous proxy. Check out http://tor.eff.org/ for more details. The IP I'm posting from is also part of that network.// anonymous )	1
`.==You cunt==``Raul654 - Remove misplaced RfC request. If you want to file an RfC, do it in the same way as everyone else``I don't have the time to file one, you stupid prick`	1
== Block ==Boy, there sure dont block a fella for a long time!  	1
I agree, boothy is my lover	1
== Kid ==Hey, do you like yellow mounds battery boy?	1
== Jeff Gordon ==I really don't feel like vadalizing anymore.	1
== My user page ==I put Jeff Gordon is the best ever and you deleted it. Why. What is so bad about that?	1
Your a prick. keep your personal thoughts to your self. Jeff is the best driver ever and thats a fact. You musy be an idiot redneck.	1
I wasn't talking to you jerkso, your sucj an idiot you cant even realize when someone is talking to you. No go back to your trailer boy!	1
`== Tabib's POV is not a NPOV ==Tabib is pushing Azeri-Turkish propaganda, calling it NPOV. All his opponents are taged with a ``vandal`` label. This person just cannot accept other opinions, which are different with his own. He is not able and not willing to compromise or nagotiate anything.`	1
== I wished I had seen this first, but... ==Jews that feel they can edit against any change from the goyim that doesn't request their prior approval on all Jew-related topics get away with bullying by calling me having anti-Semitism et al.  Who is playing the race card, simply because I noticed them using it like an ACLU card?  Why am I expected to consult with a Jew every time there is an article that has both Jew and Christian written in the article?  How is it that Jews can be so easily offended?  Why is it that Jews try to dominate the media, whether they get paid for it or not?[geni's advice on how to win an edit warDiscuss every edit on a talk page. Do not react emotionally. Assume good faith (even when you are pretty sure that the other person is not acting that way). Never revert first. Don 't make or respond to personal attacks. If the other person is trying to make things heated try mediation. Following this lot can result in two outcomes: a. It ends up in arb comm and your case is unasible. b.your opponent adopts these tactics and you end up collaborating on the article.]If that only solved the loophole problems that exist by manipulating prejudice and other things on here which go unnoticed by all except those accused of vandalism or trolling.  I wish that we didn't have to deal with veiled supremacists, but they always try to achieve your trust.  I really don't look for edit wars and bitch sessions, but when others don't care and/or are oblivious to systemic bias it really pisses me off.  I'm about protesting injustice, with fighting words if that's what it takes to get attention on an issue.	1
`Hogging articles is not against the rules per se(or is it?), as is not(or is it?) also reverting any single thing for power over that info.  You have found a loophole and you've gone to exploit that weak jugular.  I will never concede to your pressure.  Anybody who is not Jewish and knows about Puritans I will converse with on this article, because I want it to be fair and balanced.  Apparently, the fact that this includes the topic of ``Jew`` offends every Jewish person here unless a Gentile or Goy gets your express permission prior to editing.  There is nothing else to this conversation.  Stalking is against the rules.   `	1
hahaha, nice try.  but they don't agree with your ethnocentric bullshit.  try that on for size!   	1
:Because I feel just like you do.  Wow, yet you think I'm just a miserable homophobic antisemite?   	1
== On Vandal Tabib's disruption, who failed to prove his wrong POV ==Tabib failed to explain why these historical maps are incorrect. Instead he is trying to attack me personally, changing the subject of discussion. This discussion page is about Caucasus, not about user Rovoam. Tabib treat everybody who disagrees with his POV as a vandal. This is because he has failed to explain his point of view.	1
==Please stop vandalizing Wikipedia.==	1
==Please stop vandalizing Wikipedia. You are doing no good here and your constant POV pushing is quite grating to those of us who are trying to make a decent encyclopedia.==	1
:: Could you please put it all back for me?   	1
You blanked articles to warez groups, dumb ass.  	1
Your mama is clearly being used as advertisment, you cock sucker.  	1
Your mama advertises her fat ass.  	1
==Suck COck!!!==you do!!!! you do!!!! 	1
== Sock Puppets, where!? ==Sock Puppets, where!?  I am posting here because a friend of mine e-mailed me about this and I wanted to have a say, which as I understand is fine.  I'm sure, since I've been told, that others have been asked to express their views too.	1
`== Sock Puppets, where!? ==Go read my reply.  The fact that this is the first vote I've participated in (though you will note numerous other ones I have posted on) is not evidence that I won't go onto participate in many more.  This may simply be the first.  Nor can the ``muppets`` motives be known unless you ask.  to do that for a few of them they must be unblocked.`	1
:The argument deteriorated into you flouting knowledge and me trying to get you to see that I know things too, whether you happen to see the point of that or not.  Do you remember the first dispute?  It was about the structure of the article, which I believe could be fused together from Mackensen's and my own happy-go-lucky websites that are equally useful.   	1
`== US emissions description is totally contentless now. ==The US section is total nihil. It is nothing more than a circular self-referencing system of cryptic abbreviations, without absolutely any kind of numerical data to back it up! I guess you do not understand? Well, based on the wikipedia info a US ``partial zero emissions vehicle`` could either be a bicycle (where the only emission is the cyclist's fart, to be rude) or a modified Hummer H1 SUV having an 1000 bhp Kenworth truck engine. There is no numerical info on the page to let us decide which is the case.Any person could create a system of circularly self-referencing acronyms and abbreviations for emissions categories out of thin air. Yet, it would still be zero information content. So either delete the US emissions section or add the numerical data (how many grams of CO2, NOx, SOx, unburnt fuel, particle charcoal matter are emitted per distance travelled) to back up those cryptic PZEV and alike codes with verifieable information.Look at the Euro-X standard descriptions. Each one is just a single sentence and it tells us the truth frankly. Weight and numbers, nothing else matters. Acronyms are PR bullshit and do not belong to an ecyclopaedia.It is a shame US people do not dare to face the polluting nature of their monster cars and try to hide the sad ``20mpg`` reality behind cryptic PZEV and similar abbreviations. In Europe 65mpg is reality now.Regards:Tamas Feher from HungaryE-mail: ``etomcat@freemail.hu```	1
== Request ==Will you please rewrite http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thodin so it includes all the information but has no copywrite violation.  I tried and tried.   	1
Egypt came to an end? When did it come to an end?    	1
yeah at least i'm not a homo ROFL(btw this is your mother)~EVIL MONKEY'S MOTHER	1
Jayjg is following me everywhere to prevent legit edits on jew-christian topics.  please stop his pov prejudice and edit war mongering.   	1
This is ridiculous. You use the name of a great dead man; and try to fit me into your schemes. Tell us who you are, what is your name, religion, country. Did you take the name of Diderot because of his hate to the Church?Shamir	1
::Above isn't replying to you, it's to Slimvirgin. I have no more patience for keep up with your gibberish, Mr Tan  22:44, 2005 Jun 19 (UTC)	1
`:::``Thanks for that.  I'd sum it up as pointless.``  `	1
putting an accuracy warning on it	1
==nonsense Pages==Please stop posting nonsense to the Wikipedia. It is also considered bad form to log in with two different accounts. RickK You posted this to me, and yet I have only one account and therefore find it odd that you would make a silly accusation about it.  You reverted from a entry which contained information about Desmond Seah to a nigh blank one and then proceeded to accuse me of using multiple accounts to edit a page about a guy I respect.  Last I checked the only editing I did was as my IP address until I recalled I had an account for Wikipedia, at which point I logged in.   (EST)	1
   In addition, I see no sock puppet, jackass. 	1
`NOTE: IF YOU ARE ANONYMOUS, AND POST ANYTHING ON THIS PAGE, YOU WILL BE DELETED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION.== Sorry ==I alerady sent a message to g the guy who's artical it was.  and I will apologise to you too.  It seemes my little brother finds it funny to mess with wikipedia, As I type this I'm downloading a site blocker program so he cant access your site anymore, sorry!==GFDL license==I have come  across pictures without any mention of GFDL. One such image is  Image:Chessset2.jpg. Since I think you are assuming the role of a moderator, I am intimating it to you.  ==About the micronation article==I know you don't accept the Fifth World nations even though they exist as part of the micronational phenomenon. But I hope you will take note of the work I did today at the micronation article, and just what kind of contributions were eliminated and reverted because ``Vandal`` - I thought it was the destroyers of info who were the Vandals - from .I don't expect him to be banned by you, but I think you should ask him why he keeps eliminating new information about the micronational world when it doesn't regard his nation.I don't believe 's edits are done in good faith, because they are not edits, but mere distruction of articles. You are an Admin, and you should look at this objectively. Otherwise the micronation article will only reflect the ideas/biases/knowledge of . That would not be a disservice to me, but to Wikipedia in the long-term. ==Reply==I replied to your message at .   I responded to your question in Talk:Yoshitoshi ABe. (It's on my watchlist, so just put all further responses there.  =='s Reply==Does what you say about ``3 reverts and you're out for a day`` make a difference? Do you actually think I even care at this point? If  hasn't been banned already with what he's done  just look at his micronation article, then look at mine at   can you expect me to keep wasting my time with it? Do you think that real nation builders have the stomach for low life crap artists like the Emperor of Atlantium? doesn't want Fifth World (5W) nations mentioned, and the reason he doesn't is perfectly logical in his praying mantis-like brain: it's the only way his foolish, immoral, and useless nation can compete with the likes of a 5W nation. He doesn't like the 5W not because it is ``incoherent drivel,`` but because it is the very opposite. Read this article to get an education, if you still care about getting one on the subject: TTF-Bucksfan related news.If his article on the Empire of Atlantium hasn't been voted for deletion yet (Sysops can do that, not me), and I have no evidence that it was, nor that it could possibly survive such scrutiny, then what's my purpose here? It is certainly not to write a better and more comprehensive micronational article!I have better things to do with my life, and I'll just write my own articles in my User file, where they don't bother nobody seeking publicity from the Wikipedia, and who finds the truth compromising to his success. I'll write my own articles if I feel like it.  can't make and will never make any real history with Atlantium, so he's chosen to do the next best thing: make his nation seem relevant in the Wikipedia, when in reality it isn't even relevant within the micronational community. == Baseball at the 2004 Summer Olympics ==Hi Rick,I wrote this quickly today following roughly how somebody had started the Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics. I haven't looked into how they progress from the preliminary rounds to the semis so if you know it will be easier to redesign the page. If not wait a few days I'll get back to it== Baseball at the 2004 Summer Olympics ==Done, took me a few go's as I has copied the layout but it seems you have to start with {| at the begiining of a group of dates and end with |} remebering to {| at the start of the next. USER:Scraggy4== Baseball at the 2004 Summer Olympics ==Done, took me a few go's as I has copied the layout but it seems you have to start with {| at the begiining of a group of dates and end with |} remebering to {| at the start of the next. USER:Scraggy4== Taipei v Taiwan ==Hi Rick,When I noticed that you had changed Taipei to Taiwan on the Baseball at the 2004 Summer Olympics I presumed that you had changed it because I had made a mistake so I went down the fixtures and changed them all to Taiwan, since which I came across a sub-page of the  official Olympics site that states that Taipei are the team playing. Did you just make a mistake or are you a baseball addict that has noticed they got the official page wrong?regards   == What am I up to?? True or false?? ==I've been writing test messages to users I've seen vandalism reverted. True or false: among the anti-vandalizers, you are the strongest.  ==Delete/Speedy delete==Rick: You've obviously been around for a while, so could you use the vfd page properly please.  'Ladies' should have been marked for speedy delete (using {{delete}}), and not put in vfd. Plus, you didn't adopt the standard formatting.  Cheers.   ==Honour -> Honor==Old habits die hard. Sorry Rick.  ==Tupac Edit==You posted your edits to the Tupac Shakur article 10 minutes after I posted changes to the Rise to Fame portion and reverted much of what I did.  I was wondering if this was on purpose or an accident (we both checked out the same version and you copied over what I did). Note: I'm not asking about the Early Life part, just the Rise to Fame part.  ==RE:Your Message to me==I am aware of  and the other user's edits. I do post anti-wiki information on my Livejournal, and yes you are mentioned many times. Yes that person is a friend of mine, his name is Andrew Weil he was making fun of  (Note I don't Find any of Weil's edits to be funny and as a matter of fact I'm on Vacation!) I'll call him up and tell him to stop. BTW Rick I talked to GrazingshipIV on AIM and he insisted that  was you, and I defended your name.  ' 23:39, 13 Jul 2004:My goal is not to troll Rick, all i wish to do is increase wiki love, nothing else, I'm sorry if i mentioned you in my livejoural, I'm mentally unstable.  ' 23:45, 13 Jul 2004== Israel ==Any further thoughts on Kingdom of Israel? What about Kingdom of Judah?  09:15, 2004 Jul 14 (UTC):Those look good, to me.   ::Can I remove the listing on Wikipedia:Cleanup?  21:16, 2004 Jul 14 (UTC):::Yes, go ahead, remove them from Cleanup.   ::::OK, done.  21:33, 2004 Jul 14 (UTC)I just saw that you reverted edits by 63.231.226.163 adding several Latin American leaders to the Cold War people category. It is quite a broad category, and I'm not necessarily sure if it makes sense for one to exist; but so long as the category exists, it does seem reasonable to lump Trujillo, Guzman, and Noriega in it. Are you in the process of substantially narrowing down the category, or is there another reason that you feel that they do not belong in it?  Thanks for the response. I looked through 63.231.226.163's user history and he/she does seem to be making the category way too broad. This is quite a problematic category; go ahead and scrap the category altogether if you wish. Or perhaps it could be limited to the bio pieces that link to Cold War (http://en.wikipedia.org/w/wiki.phtml?title=Special:Whatlinkshere&target;=Cold_War)  == Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act ==Hi, I'm wondering why you speedy deleted Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act.  I saw this come across in the new pages and went to read it, only to see that it was gone before I had a chance.  It is an actual act, and the summary in the deletion log doesn't really show any problems.  Thanks!    Thanks for the response.   ==Erika Slezak==NE	1
I just hope I'm talkin' to the RickK who's got the good fortune to be given a job here when, with his ignorance, arrogance and downright cheek, wouldn't be employed by anyone with an ounce of sense!Dave	1
:Guettarda, you made some questionable edits of your own devising.  I merely found myself in similar shoes to you.  Now, can we settle this out of court and excluding your Straw man attacks?  You invoked Godwin's law, which is one of the dumbest online things a person can do!  Any actions of mine that appear to confirm your suspicion, were planted for you to find.  I love giving witchhunters a thing or two to play with when they accuse me of whatever it is they're prejudiced against.  YHBT...HAND   	1
, but my IP address shows I have	1
 Mar 2005 (UTC):Thanks for your comments Rick, I'm sure you agree that this is a collaborative project, and that we can all use a little friendly support and oversight sometimes. I know I appreciate it when people correct my mistakes, Thanks,  10:47, 2	1
Tha Ice 19:05 7 June 2005	1
== You're a cocksucker, Rick! ==You're a cocksucker, Rick!	1
HAve I got a hacker or something???????	1
```I agree.  Wikipedia is not an instrument for the liberalisation of faggotry, which the male anus promotes.  A female anus will suffice.```	1
`== RE: Your recent edits ==``You recently made changes to my talk page .  I will assume you thought it was being vandalised but in actuality I am the owner of that account and am editing anonymously.```	1
== Gertrude of Holland ==Do not delete my gertrude of holland, its all trueand im sick of it beinbg deleted	1
The alumni page here seems to have suddenly degenerated into a terrible mess - Pierce Brosnan? Colin Firth? The London Institute / Central St Martins' links seem to have been horridly jumbled up here.	1
`*  Well, since there are no responses, I've deleted that listing.  Veganism is a lifestyle choice, not a belief in something that can or cannot be proven demonstrably wrong.  Simply put, there's nothing to ``prove``; either one eats animal products or one doesn't.   `	1
:As you indicate - the original Greek meaning does not literally apply to the Anarchist philosophy and movement. But the rest is incorrect - No encyclopedia or textbook on the subject defines there being two camps. The only editors being divisive on this page are the Anarcho-capitalists such as yourself ..who want anarchism split up to satisfy your own propagandic needs.  	1
== Vandalism ==How can we get this article protected? I'm not familiar with the procedure here.  	1
where's with pitchforks already?   	1
== FECES ==Well done for the continued reversion of feces.  Perhaps you might consider protecting the page to prevent the continued vandalism - someone keeps englarging the image and placing it at the top. 	1
== RE: Your comments ==I am concerned about what you said:'MARMOT appears to have created a sockpuppet, User:Master Shredder, to vote against Weyes' RFA; this sort of thing is unacceptable; please do not do anything of the sort again, out of frustration or any other reason'I don't know where you got the idea from, but clearly you are mistaken.  There is no connection.	1
== HOLA FUCKER RETARD WHO HAS NOTHING BETTER TO DO THAN DO WIKIPEDIA SHIT ==FUCK YOU ASSHOLE	1
== HOLA FUCKER ==HOLA FUCKER	1
== hola fucker ==hola fucker	1
== FUCK YOU ALL YOU LOSERS WHO AHVE NOTHING BETTER TO DO ==FYUCK YOU WHY DONT U STOP ME FROM EDITING ALREADY	1
Albanau, you don't know what you 're talking about.  First of all, Skanderberg is a Swedish truck manufacturer.  Miskin is a Croat and his brother is basketball player Stojan Vrancovic.  Now for the good news.  Your own personal ancestry is indeed extremely ancient and glorious: it goes back to the dawn of time, and it's right here on Wikipedia!  Congratulations!   	1
== Very unhappy ==Hello, I am User:Marmot, and I am being bullied by User:Linuxbeak.  He has already blocked two of my IPs, as well as blocking me from IRC to prevent me from telling other admins about his bullying.  Please help.  I am innocent!  He now threatens permenant ban on me.  I try hard and taxman says I done good for last few days, but Linux hates me!  All I want is to be left alone.  I added many good articles.	1
Anyone want to take a crack at organizing this list?	1
So your initial proposal is something like this:  Clay Products  |-Ceramic Technology     |     |-Pottery     |-Space Age Ceramics  |-Ceramic Art     |     |-Hand Built     |-Wheel ThrownOther areas I've been concerned about:* industrial clay/ceramics products* clay/ceramic techniques and methods* cultural clay/ceramic history* technical clay/ceramic history* clay related tools and ingredients* well known clay artisensAnd I'm sure there are plenty more.  A list of all the existing clay related articles would be a good beginning.  Comments welcome.   	1
I just saw this: Australia Antifa Target Of Nazi Hit List  Many eyes on are you - keep up the good work. Cheers, - 	1
Please stop.  If you continue to vandalize pages, you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.  	1
Well fuck u ur just a twat	1
==Stroking a cat==Why do humans enjoy stroking cats more so than any other animal?	1
** That about sums up what started this discussion in the first place.  On entries for railroad presidents I was adding the railroad name and years of the subject's presidency.  Now for some entries, such as for Ralph Budd (president of GN and CB&Q;) or for John W. Barriger III (president of Monon, P&LE; and MKT) or more recently for Mike Haverty (president of ATSF and KCS), this description could get quite lengthy as the managers moved around to different railroads.  For links to bios that have not yet been written, this information could be helpful for a potential editor to find information on the subject in order to write the bio.  However, after reading the comments above, I'm more inclined to agree on a minimalist description to keep the list uncluttered.  Separate list pages (such as one I'd been thinking about creating, List of railroad presidents) can go into more detail listing the information that we would otherwise have put into this list.  Personally, it doesn't matter much to me, but since a convention has been described, it's easy enough to follow.  	1
I notice that SqueakBox continues to perpetuate slanderous lies that I am posting from Reston, Virginia.  I have commented on this on my personal blogspot, www.cumbey.blogspot.com.  He insists I have been there.  I looked it up on mapquest today and see that it is where the Dulles Airport is located, so, good gravy, he is maybe, er, right.  I was there ONCE, boarding a plane in 1984!  That's it!  SqueakBox must think I am ubiquitous.  CEC	1
```I'm not homophobic or anything, but you are fucking gay.```	1
Wikipedia is telling me that I have new messages and that this is one of them. However I haven't been vandalising pages and haven't even edited any as far as I can remember. I don't think 62.255.32.14 is even my IP address. Is this just Wikipedia being weird or what?	1
== Pictures Came in ==Hi Rick I got the recent pics of yourself came in!Thanks, Your friend Pat )	1
**This is going too far with Glenn and Emico tagteaming to defend each other's bias and supporting each other's fabrications to make me look bad. I'm beginning not to care anymore myself, I'm trying to improve this article and these two constant complainers, who haven't done anything except revert and whine act like they own the Wikipedia. I hope everyone can see their conduct and draw their own opinions about the Iglesia ni Cristo. 	1
 I need your help on this, I've tried working and compromising with them to no avail. Please tell me what you think I should do.	1
Is it harming you!!??	1
PLEASE STOP DELETING MY POSTS!!!	1
HOW CAN YOU STOP ME EDITING !!!???	1
`==Eisenhower and McCarthy==Below is some proposed language for the Ike/McCarthy subhead; I've placed it here because it contains a lot of ``perhaps'es``, but hopefully it's illumintating.:President Dwight D. Eisenhower due to his past close association with General Omar Bradley may have been apprised of the existence of the Venona project, the secret program within the U.S. Army Signals Intelligence Service decrypting KGB messages originating in the United States.  Eisenhower's former chief of intelligence and the first head of the CIA, General Walter Beedle Smith may have been brought in on the secret too, and the CIA began recieving some decrypted information in 1953.  There is no indication Eisenhower's Attorney General Herbert Brownell, Jr. was made aware of the highly secret information. This may explain why Eisenhower was willing to leave McCarthy barking up the wrong trees.`	1
Why don't you go fuck your mom  	1
, are you dumber than you look? asshole.	1
I tryed being nice but this guy has got problems. Please dont trust this user!	1
`== Objectivity ==I realize this is a very controversial topic, but this article is simply not objective enough, and simply demonstrates American public opinion. For example, it is commonly accepted OUTSIDE of the United States that the fourth aircraft was downed by the US military. It is possible that the US media has exercised self-censorship and so the American public doees not have access to this information, but deleting caveats such as ``the 9/11 commission determined that...``, or putting it under ``conspiracy theories`` simply destroys objectivity.Could we not have this article explaining that it reflects the 9/11 commission's determinations, and have a prominent link to ``Disputes with the official account``? This would, hopefully, avoid offending people's sensitivity to the subject by keeping controversies off the main page, but also thereby reflecting a wider opinion?`	1
`== Leaning a little left of neutral ==After reading just the second paragraph (regarding the UN), I have to say the facts are clearly one sided.  Isn't it true that the ``Oil for Food`` scandal would/has clearly influenced the members on the Security Council?  That the Members on the Security Council had very large economic interests in Iraq and would loose them if there was a war, and now the clearly vocal SG of the UN now being implicated in influence in the ``Oil for Food`` scandal.  These facts would clearly give the reader a better understanding of a possible reason why the UN acted the way it did.The last and final resolution did warn Iraq of possible military solutions, if it did not comply.  One could clearly argue whether this is relevant or not, but just declaring that the Security Council was against the war without the above mentioned is avoiding reality.-I stand corrected this whole passage leaves out many important facts.  It also includes many unsubstantiated facts, such as Iraqi civilian deaths, that just go beyond the pale.This passage clearly needs a complete top to bottom rewrite.:i agree that the part you cite isn't neutral, but i strongly disagree with the characterization of its leaning as ``left``. anyway, it looks like you're new here at wikipedia. that's no reason you can't jump in and be bold. go to it, and good luck. (you'll need it. heh heh.)  14:10, 2005 Jun 18 (UTC)*I agree with you completelly. I'm glad you mentioned this on the talk page ahead of time as somebody who does lean a little left of center would certainly change your edits. This article needs to be rewritten. :Well, pick out a chunk that is the worst example of the POV you're objecting to, and either fix it, or, if you want to increase the odds that it will survive for a while, hammer out a suggested alternative here on the talk page.   ==Absence of declaration of war: police action==This article is titled 2003 invasion of Iraq, which is perfectly fine and NPOV, but to claim in the opening paragraph that it is a war is to miss the essential fact that there was and has been no such declaration of war. If it is a war then it is illegal, however if it is considered as a police action falling within the executive authority, then it may be given some legitimacy under emergency powers. Even so, insofar as we would commonly refer to the invasion as a war (like the Korean War, the Vietnam War, etc.) this was a preventive war, not a pre-emptive war, and this should also be stated.  :some quick points: the police action article is weak, and basically serves as a setup for somebody to call any undeclared war a ``police action``. that's euphemistic government-speak. whether a war is declared has no bearing on whether its a war. that's simple logic. if the distinction is important to you at the article outset, then simply call it what you appear to be claiming: an ``undeclared war``. however, then the problem is that it was declared, but by the president and informally, not by congress in any fashion. while ``undeclared war`` is a stretch, it's not nearly as much as ``police action``. further, the iraq war does not meet a rough criterion (``local``) of the wiki-linked police action article. a war against an entire country is not ``local``. ``police action`` is a government term, invented by presidential administrations and sycophants to pretend they hadn't violated the US constitution.:calling this a ``preventive`` war is about as POV as it gets. if you think ``preemptive`` is POV, then please remove that, rather than calling it something even more POV. and i'd caution against using phrases like ``more precisely`` as in the edits i reverted. that phrase, in both cases, was incorrect.  ::Since the president doesn't have constitutional authority to declare war, he cannot have declared it unless illegally. So you are saying it would be more NPOV to call this an ``illegal war`` than to call it a police action? I agree that undeclared war doesn't make sense. However, in common usage, it is a war, and most people won't immediately understand unless we say it is ``more precisely`` a police action. That is not POV, that is just clarification.:::straw man alert! and most people won't immediately understand what? no idea where you get the need to bring in this term ``police action``. it's nothing but a term that claims ``wasn't no war, holmes,`` while bodies are lying everywhere. [[User:Salty	1
`====Velotaxi  pedicab===={reason for move}    * Support/Oppose - reasons for your vote (optional)   The word ``Velotaxi`` is a registered trademark and the usual namefor this kind of vehicle is PEDICAB.The redirection Pedicab to Velotaxi is not correct. It should be vice versa.`	1
==EDITING/DELETING==Hi, im . I dont go round trying to make enemys with anyone! all i asked is that you and other wikipedia users be fair. so far you have not been! all i ask is that be fair when editing/deleting my post. thanks you	1
I checked the website.You're wrong about the town per capitas.	1
== observed instances ==instead of linking to talk.origins (which is obviously POV), can we cover the observed instances here, with our own citations to the appropriate papers, etc? -  	1
`Anyone here that can't see your obvious Jewish and POV biasand KOSHER PC-censorship, ``Mel``, is really not very brightare they? POV Censoring articles in SSEE ignorance is somelife, eh Mel? LOL! D`	1
`::The scale info was there when I showed up at WP, dunno its origin. Scale model is kind of short now, and discussion of matters related to its key adjective seems completely relevant, so I'd vote for that. (The ``ing``s should redir to it to I think - one could go the other way, but stylistically I prefer articles about objects to be about the objects rather than the process of creating them.) Note that scale (measurement) briefly mentions model scales, but it seems more like a disambigger than a content article.  `	1
The fact that the Mesilas Yesharim was lauded by the Vilna Gaon is not irrelevant. It is the reason why it is considered the preeminent Mussar sefer in Lithuanian Yeshivos.Calling the Yeshiva ancient implies that it is outdated. That is simply an anti-Orthodox opinion. Are Lithuanian yeshivos the most active? It is debatable.	1
: Alex - I don't think there is any ambiguity in this case since n is given to specify that H is a subgroup of , which in the case  is obvious.  -  	1
Yes, because the mother of the child in the case against Michael Jackson was studied in here motives and reasonings and judged upon her character just as harshly as Wacko Jacko himself.  Don't tell me to ignore it and incriminate myself.  I am going to continue refuting the bullshit that Jayjg keeps throwing at me.     	1
Unless a person named Buffalo Springfield was born in 1944, it would really be worthwhile to put the name of the band in parnes behind the person's name, so as not to confuse people.   	1
`==:Image:Canbyscross.jpg=={| align=center border=0 cellpadding=4 cellspacing=4 style=``border: 2px solid #FF5500; background-color: #F1F1DE``|- | Image deletion warning| style=``font-size: 80%`` | The image Image:Canbyscross.jpg has been listed at Wikipedia:Possibly unfree images. If the image's copyright status cannot be verified, it will be deleted. If you have any information on the source or licensing of this image, please go there to provide the necessary information.|}  ==:Image:Candy vending machine.jpg=={| align=center border=0 cellpadding=4 cellspacing=4 style=``border: 2px solid #FF5500; background-color: #F1F1DE``|- | Image deletion warning| style=``font-size: 80%`` | The image Image:Candy vending machine.jpg has been listed at Wikipedia:Possibly unfree images. If the image's copyright status cannot be verified, it will be deleted. If you have any information on the source or licensing of this image, please go there to provide the necessary information.|}  `	1
