what's your favorite song? :D<br>  I like too many songs to have a favorite	0
<3  </3 ? haha jk! <33	0
;hey angel  you duh sexy;  Really?!?! Thanks?! haha	0
(:  ;(	0
******************MEOWWW*************************  *RAWR*?	0
any makeup tips? i suck at doing my makeup lol  Sure! Like tell me wht u wnna know?! Like wht do you use?!	0
Apriiiiiiiiiiiill!!! I miss uuuu! It's Emma btw haha  EMMA hahahahah :D I MISSSSSeddd YUHHHHh 222222 <33333	0
Are you a morning or night person?  Night 4shuree!!	0
are you a trusting person?  alreadi answrd	0
are you a trusting person?  Yes veryy trustin person!!! May i help yuh:!	0
Are you and @TruAce best friends?  Ahaha!!! Yess of course aint dat rite @TruAce ?!?! Haha He so awesome tho! BCK OFF lol jk	0
Are you more of a talker or more of a listener?  Listener definitely chuz i get cut off alot so i just listen or ignore pplz!	0
Are yuh single and ready 2 mingle?!  Hahaha Yup! Bhut not lookin 4 a man rite atm chuz dey 2much drama!	0
ask me something!!!  :)	0
BAHAHAhAHA....took you longer enough;p......GEES GIRL hahah...no its totally okay:) i just wanted to play guess who i am hahaha..i fuckinggg love you too;) <3  Hahahahhaahhaha:D ikrr im a slow american wht more can i say lmfaoo!! hahaha <333 Aww! hahaha	0
bahahahahhaha ;p  lmaoo!!!!	0
Bitch u thee bomb like Tick TICK!  Hahah(: Thanks!	0
can you please sing a cover of any justin bieber song? :D  Hahaha... I dont sing!! LOL! so srry! Im horrible. btw I dedicate ;SMILE; 2 yuh! Its playing!!	0
Cats or Dogs?  Dogs! Im allergic 2 cats=	0
Chocolate or Vanilla?  Chocolate! Bahah!	0
definitely true! :D i've been learnin it for 5 years cuz i've frensh origins haha ;)  Ahhh!!;) wow 5yrs! man  its a gorgeous language! I love it!! this is my first year learnin it! haha NEWBIE!	0
Did u watch bieber on oprah?  Well sortaa! I just got 2 wtch thee Charice part! Shes awesome <3 hbu?!	0
Do you believe in life after death?  Yes of course i do... Its called Eternity with God in heaven!<3	0
Do you believe in luck?  Yes  bhut I think luck is blessing from God actually! in my opinioN!	0
Do you believe there's intelligent life on other planets?  If God created them then hellz yes!	0
Do you consider yourself a good dancer?  Hahaha Bitch i bring it lmao! Kinda i think lmao! I hve some black in me so yes haha	0
do you have a bf??  Nope ;/ Bhut Not Having a BF doesnt mean The WORLD ends;] I guess im waiting 4 the 1  ya kno? Hbu mamas?!	0
Do you have any favorite YouTube star?  I have 2 actually! Justin Bieber (ofcourse) &amp;&amp; Scipio Mondai!	0
do you have any memories you'd like to forget?  Actually i do!!! Just my whole experience with this fake a$$ friend!!</3	0
Do you have any piercings?  Yuppers! Nose and Cartilage piercings(;	0
Do you have any scars on your body?  If so  how'd you get them?  Hahaha. Strange!:S	0
do you like atlanta  GA ?  yes i love ATL!! great place 2 live  wish i lived there! ;D	0
do you think that a size 10 is fat? i'm trying to be a size 5 by the end of the year.  Omg NO WAY!!! 10 is actually small!!! Don't change thee way you look 4 ANYONE!!! bhut yourslf. Kay?!	0
do you think you're a good friend?  Fuck yes i think i am! haha	0
do you watch american idol? if so  who are you voting for this season?  Awww man you just reminded me! I wtch it sometimes bhut i love Big Mike! Pplz are really wrong bout letting Katie go!! Argh . .	0
Do yuh have any stalkers?  Hell yes! Lots of them and thats including yuh!<3	0
don't listen to the haters  you are pretty!  :D thank you gurl/boy ? I really appreciate it!<33	0
Favorite store?  ATM Rue 21;D Or Forever21 <3	0
Fuck Justin bieber. He's a fucking fag  UM excuse yuh? HE IS NOT!! Ur a fuckin idiot! Kay? good	1
growl;]  Meowl?;D If thts a word haha<3	0
guesss who ;)  Idk hoe get cha own cup of blackberry with a hint of lemon ice tea. Dayumm! hahah JK Brooke?	0
-Haa you guessedd righhtttt:Dr its Maryyyy(: ahhh ilovee this picture!!!!!!!!!! mayb becuase youhr in it babe<3  Off courrseeee dudee hahahahaha!!!! Awhhh lol! i think i love it 2 chuz im in it lol!!!! jk! i love yuh!!	0
haaa its all qud  sorry abouht the ;hoe; thinq  iwas mad lol  lmfao! haha! Nahh its my badd;)	0
haha ;)so.. have u ever been to france?  Pfftt!! nahhh i hve never been outta this country!! Argh! hve yuh?! haha	0
haha check inside ur closet u mind find out who it is(;  Lmao!! kk lemme get my ass off this toliet seat then ill check!! Mwahah!! jk	0
HAHA NOPE IM NOT TAQUISHA EITHER....i TALK TO YOU ALOT ON TWITTER;) <3  OMG!!!!! tell me!!!! ughh grrr rawrr bianca? LMAO! idkk TELL ME!	0
HAHAH GUESS WHO!? <3  Mary?! lol hahahaha	0
hahah okey dokey!..sweet thang(;  Mwahaha!!! Sweet thang! i love it!!	0
Hahah. Funny how u defend that beiber kid.  &amp; its also funny how u stalked my whole twitter! Nice goin! BITCH!	1
HAHAHA NOPE! ...  Uhhhhh!!!! OMG! Taquisha? LOL!	0
Have u ever licked thee floor?  Hahaha.. Yup!(: Its my job	0
have u seen JUSTIN BIEBER in person? (:  Nope:[ I wish  bhut hey i might someday rite haha..Hbu?!	0
Have you broken any bones?  If so  how?  Haha nahh ive just fractured some thumbs bhut itz all good lol	0
have you ever been on itellyouthat.com? go there and tell something to the world :D  Hahah OHKAY?!	0
have you ever had your heart broken?  Yup yup!!:P	0
hehe yup  it's awesome  but the pronunciation is incredibly haaard :D  haha!! it is haha lol!! man i hvnt even gotten 2 dat part yet! FML hah	0
Hello bitch! How's ur day going? Good I hope :) it's beautiful and sunny!  Ohh heyy bitchh!!! its goin good..:D thx 4 askin	0
Hello. My friend is also named April.  Nicee!	0
Hello?  Hey  hows yah momma?!	0
-Hellz yeahh(: of course i'm qoinqq i wannah b with you quy's  like duhh<3  ahahaha!!!(: It wuzz funn!(: lmao<3	0
Hey my name is April too! Haha. People named April are always cool. LOL.  Hahaha!!! Ohh cool wait are yuh thee april on twitter?! april2? haha yay! We beasts yo! haa	0
hey you're an amazing nice and sweet girl..pretty too!  Awwhhh!!!Thank yuh Jacob ur really nice!!! Might be my new bestie <33 Thank YUH SO MUCH!	0
Hey. Why you such a bitch?  Why thank yuh!	1
Heyyy Abrilll(:!!! iloveyhuuu<3 muchooo!!  Heyy Marribbbiii!! lmao! iloveyuhhh muchooo moeee!!!;) are yuh goin tmrw?!	0
heyyyyyy!!! how u doin!!!!!  Im doing good thankyuh!!!Heyyy hbu?!	0
heyyyyyyyy!!!!wats up!?!?(*)-)  Heyy ghurrr!!! Wuzz upp!! haha nuttin much just busyy!! hbu ma?	0
Hi April!!!  Heyy :D	0
how many languages do u speak?  Umm.. i think 2 bhut english is my first! im learnin french! ;d hbu?!	0
how old are u ? And how do you know michael?  Who the hell are yuh!!! And who tha fuck is michael!?	1
How would you describe your personality?  Hmmm...personal? root word.. lol umm probss... bubbly  nice  honest(sumtyms)	0
How would you describe yourself in 3 words?  Myself Bubbly Funny?	0
i love your hair.  iLoveYou! Thanks alot! Bhut its alot 2 keep up wit! Wanna trade haha!	0
i love youu chica!<33  NO no no! I Love youuu moreee<333 ;D haha!!	0
i love youuuuuuu (:  iFUCKINLoveyou!!!<33 xox ha!	0
i speak english frensh and a little arabic cuz i've been to egypt a lotta times :D  OMG! really?! cool thats so awesome! yeah i wanna learn more languages bhut french is already enuff 2 deal wit! ha	0
I think ur not pretty. Sorry.  Oh thats wht i think too! dnt be sorry hahaha! Silly goose	0
i'm bored can you tell me something funny? lool  Hahah!! ohhkayy?!?! lol Wht do you call a deer with no eyes? I have no ideer! haha Classic  umm i suck at this haha	0
IF U LIVE FOREVER WAT DO U LIVE FOR?????  IDKKK!!!GOD?! Not understndin this ? srry its like 3am hah	0
If you could ask Barack Obama one question what would it be?  Oh snap!! I would actually hug him first off ahah and say ;Nigga where my weed go?; Hahaha jkjkjk i love him!! He is doin a great job!	0
If you could ask George W. Bush one question what would it be?  Are you a lonely boy?	0
If you could be a star athlete in any sport  which sport would you pick?  Basketball<3	0
If you could be invited to one person's birthday party  whose would it be?  JUSTIN BIEBER's Bday parrtayy! haha	0
If you could be on one TV show which one would it be?  Keeping up with the Kardashians! or Kendra! My FAV shows atm!:D	0
If you could become any fictional character  who would you be?  Errmm...Harry potter? lol	0
If you could change your name  what would you change it to?  Thats a hard 1 . . . *thinkin* Maybe Bustin Jieber? I think! haha	0
If you could date any celebrity  who would it be?  Justin Bieber or Channing Tatum! haha yumm!	0
If you could eat dinner with any person  dead or alive  who would it be and where would you go?  Michael Jacko and Subway! Doh!	0
If you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so you never had to do it again  what would it be?  Put my towels back on the fckn rack! lol im 2 lazy 2 do it bhut it looks trashy when i keep it on tha floor.	0
If you could go back in time 10 years and tell your younger self something  what would it be?  Life is never going to be easy.	0
If you could go on a road trip with any person  dead or alive  who would it be and where would you go?  Justin Bieber.Duh. &amp;&amp; Russia! ;]	0
If you could go on vacation for the next month with an unlimited budget  where would you go?  I would so travel thee world  Visit my overseas besties then shop everywhere!<3	0
If you could have an endless supply of any food  what would you get?  Strawberry-Banana Smoothies from Jack in the Box ;D Yah dig?	0
If you could have been the author of any book  what would it have been?  ALL thee twilight books chuz she got some good mula baby!	0
If you could make one person fall in love with you who would it be?  My Orthodontist docotr hahahaha!!! Jkjk or am i lmao!	0
If you could master one skill what would it be?  To never sin bhut will NEVER happen! See im already sinning  Never say never!	0
If you could only listen to one song for the next month  which would it be?  Up-Justin Bieber	0
If you could only read one magazine for the rest of your life  which would it be?  MMMag i love it!	0
If you could rid the world of one thing  what would it be?  HOE-ISHNESS! lol um prob. stupid bitches and SIN! i just sinned!Opppzz	0
If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?  MySelf!(:	0
If you had to cook dinner for someone tonight  what would you make?  Umm... we would go to jack-in-the-box! haha	0
If you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?  Chocolate;	0
If you had to perform at the circus  what trick would you do?  Read between these three fingas! haha	0
If you had your own talk show  who would your first three guests be?  Justin Bieber Demi lovato and Barack Obama babay!!:D	0
If you won a $1 000 shopping spree for any store  which store would you pick?  Apple store!(; Need a MAC pro!	0
If you won a million dollars what would you do with it?  Great question! Tithe Help people Shop!	0
If your house was on fire and you could only grab three things  what would they be?  Laptop Dogs Family Shoes bed clothes coffee maker oven washer&amp;dryer refridgerator table&amp;chairs pics camera bath tub! HAHAhAHAHAHHAHA!!!!	0
iLove your nose ring!  Awhh i love ur earrings!	0
-ilovee youuu bestfranhdd(: haa guesss whooo....  ilovee maryyy rosseeee hickkksss!!!! LOL!	0
ily!  ily2 boo!	0
Im good!! Juz got bak from the srip in vegas!!! It was awesome!!! I luved it!! Hav u evah been to vegas?:)  Awhh! Yuh so lucky ghurr!!!I bet yuh had a BLAST! &amp; nahh ive never been bhut i would soo want to go!;D	0
Is @TruAce single!?  YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!4 theee lasttt timeee!!! Ask him http://www.formspring.me/TRUACE	0
justin bieber is my driving teacher oohh yess!..bahah we gonna be doing sumthing else instead of him teaching me how to drive(; lmao  HAHAHAHA TEACHIN HIM how to ur his stickshift Mwhahahahahaha! i llalala love you best frann!	0
lol oo no!..guurrrl u must be crazy!!..b/c i love u muchoo!.  Uhhh!!! lmao!! U got me lmao! jkjk we can go on 4 like eva! Lezzzdoooittt I Love you more than yo own momma! AHHA!!	0
Love you baby ;)  Love you More babe<3	0
love youu sexy thang(;  Mwahaha!! Thank yuh meh sexy bitch!! who is this!? haha	0
Mammaasss!! :D how are you? haha go to skype ;D  YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!! Its Late; haha i have church tmrw bhut soon kay? srry:[	0
Miley &amp; Bieber!!!  Miley's a HOOCHIE! BIEBER ALL THEE WAY GHURL!!or boy!<33	0
NOPE IM NOT BIANCA EITHER:) heres a clue...i come from new zealand;) LOL  Chrisssy!!??? hahahahah Chantelle  Alesha Kailee? Tori?? LMFAO iddkkkkk	0
NOPEEE!! my name starts with b :O  OMFG!!! nooo wayyyy!!! Ughhh BROOOKKKEEEEE OMFG!!! im soo srry lmao lots of pplz r frmh ZEW ZEALAND! lmao I fukkinnn luvv yuhhhh hahaha!	0
OH VISIT ME IF YOU TRAVEL THE WORLD KTHXBYE. xx  Hahah Helllz yess! I will mamas!!<3 love u!	0
Omg Justin Bieber!!!! :) haha.  OMG!! ahhhh!! Where he go? Damn it he just fell off my window sil! haha jk!	0
Rate yurself?  I Love Justin Bieber! He's a 1000000000+ on a 1-10 scale HA!	0
shut up ur prettty!..ll  Shut up your prettier! <33	0
Sneakers or sandals?  Sandals 4suree ;D i wear them in thee winter 2! No lie! haha	0
Sooooooo srry this is late!!!:) im juzz doin mothur freakin boring!!:) zzzzzz zzzz snore snore!!:) LMBO  Hhahahahaah ohh noo problem mamas! ahah me2 im soo exhaustedd *yawn* *ywan* LMAO!	0
the girl on your background bottom right hand corner looks like anna maria perez de tagle.  :) Aww!! Yeahh she is my best friend * raphaela * Haha. She is german so i guess thts why! lmao <3	0
tht woul b so cool if u were here so i can me u!!!!!!  Ikrr that wud be awesome!!! I wish ;D	0
wat state do u live in?  Texas!!&amp;Yuh hun?! xox	0
Well dats so tight ur friends wit @truace . How does it feel 2 kno him. Since ur his friend u wud kno does he hav a gf?  Ohhkayy! First offf i was playin  i mean he is a really nice person dnt kno him like all that! Bhut u should ask him!	0
well u say any language.. so.. coba tebak ini bahasa apa.. kamu ngerti ngga aku ngomong apa? ;)  Huh!? That doesnt make sense  Guns something! lmao Come again!? lol	0
What are you most excited about right now?  Ummm SUMMER bein almost here! Who isnt? haha	0
What did you dream about last night?  Shh....Dnt tell any1 k? haha! NOTHING! MWAH!	0
what do u guys prefer? Jonas brothers or justin bieber  Ahhh! I love em both but I would go for Justin Bieber!!! Well because i'm older. But I perfer them BOTH!	0
What do you think about formspring.me so far?  Its da shit! Fun stuff	0
What do you think is your most attractive feature?  My eyes! They are light brown and beautidul in the sun!(; Thanks God! oh and my hands! and ass lol jkjK!	0
What do you think was the greatest invention in your lifetime?  Thee comp? or cellfonne! hehe	0
What kind of glasses do you have?  Guess! haha no its the brand name.	0
What kind of music can you just not stand to listen to?  I cannot listen to that Heavy metal! I like me some rock(oldies) bhut not that scary shit ;D	0
What music are you listening to today?  Everything really! AHhaha Lovin my HipHop atm! Ester Dean is thee shyyttt!	0
What one thing are you exceptionally good at?  Urgh . . this is difficult to answer haha! Umm prob. fixing computers! ha yes i said it im like a WIZ at fixin comps that MYSELF and MOM destroy! AHAHA!	0
What TV show do you wish would go off the air for good?  The Hills! Chuz Lauren was thee whole point it was clld thee Hills and there is 2much drama! Bhut I still wtch it chuz i love 2 laugh at thee dumb shit! Spencer is a prick btw!;0	0
What was the best concert you went to?  Jonas Brothers Concert 8/13/09 ;D I still love em bhut Justin bieber is thee shit!	0
What was the happiest moment in your life?  I have many! 2many actually bhut i guess when i found my lifetime friends ;D	0
What was the last book you read?  The Miracle Worker	0
What was the worst advice you've ever received?  This person actually told me this ;fried; i had was not a true friend and she wants me 2 still be this person's friend! Thats a NONO!	0
What was the worst concert you went to?  Never been 2 1 tht was bad.	0
What was the worst job you've ever had?  I can't complain chuz i dnt have or had one! hahaha soon though! real soon! ;	0
What was the worst place you've traveled to?  Georgia Columbus. 2 b exact. I Dislike it. BORING!! Hotlanta is where its AT! ;*	0
What was your favorite birthday gift?  Life(: haha!! umm idk thats hard!	0
What was your favorite toy to play with as a child?  Now how the fuck am i suppose to remember that? Weirdo! maybe it was ur moms dick? lOL!	1
What was your favorite year?  1995 haha when i was bornwas my year! Doh!I didnt have 2 do ANYTHING on my own haha	0
What was your worst travel experience?  HA! goin to georgia just to see my dad's mother! Ugh i cnt stand her bhut God bless her soul! LONG LIFE STORY! haha	0
What website do you spend the most time on?  Oh good 1  Twitter (ofcousre) i love me some twitter peeps! They tha shit lol	0
What would be the best workplace perk?  Idk.. wait WHaaaa? lol	0
What would your perfect day look like?  Me&amp;God eatin Chicken wings on His throne <3 ahaha	0
What's one food you'll never eat again?  Brussel srouts! YuCkIE! bhut i love cabbage and they're mini cabbages! LMAO!	0
What's one thing you own that you should probably throw away  but never will?  My old school shit   i wud SOOO throw it away bhut my mom! Urgh	0
What's the best gift you've ever given?  The important 1 is Love  bhut ive given people themselves! Like i let my friends have themselves instead of me! It helps to see who they are as a person! Very important! Viseversa.	0
What's the best place near you to get a drink?  Hahaha! Wait wht kind of drink! LOL well JackInTheBox is like not evn a mile away frmh my house! So there! i guess thts wht ur askin lmao! XP	0
What's the best place near you to get some ice cream?  Hmmm....U makin me hungry first of all! &amp;&amp; Dairy Queen! YUMM!!	0
What's the best place near you to get some ice cream?  Umm...Diary Queen? or JackINTHEBOX! 4 my smoothies of course not ice cream! Mwah	0
What's the furthest you've ever traveled?  Virginia	0
What's the longest you've ever gone without a bath or shower?  Haha! Maybe 2days? lol idk	0
What's the most delicious meal you've ever had?  Wow. this is a hard 1 i dnt think ive had 1 or i have many! I love my smoothies tho! YUMMIE!	0
What's the origin of your name?  Idk... its a month that 4 sure lol	0
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?  A piece of grass?	0
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?  I Havent Gotten 2 that part!! haha	0
what's your best achievement?  Wow awesome question....I think my best achievement would be ;Finding who i am; thats thee most important!!<33	0
What's your biggest phobia?  ummmm...messy rooms;	0
What's your dream car?  Something cute and ME!! haha you kno? well a beamer is my dream car basically! or a porshe!	0
What's your earliest memory?  Haha! Staring at my doctor thru sunglasses while he was in my mouth! HAHAHA!!!	0
what's your fave song?  My fav song girly!!! is umm.. Up &amp; Running by @jessicajarrell atm! But i have lots :) hbu!?	0
What's your favorite drink?  Mmm... ROOT BEER! haha my fav drink eva! POW	0
What's your favorite food?  Actually its cabbage!;D	0
What's your favorite genre of music?  POP!	0
What's your favorite movie quote?  Crap this is hard  haha umm ;People Need Inspiration;- The Last Song <33	0
What's your favorite type of flower?  Pink Roses!(:	0
what's your favourite colour?  Pink &amp; Neon green(:	0
what's your favourite movie?  ;) Umm.. A walk to remember! or The Last song! Ugh theirs ALOT! haha hbu!	0
What's yur fav color?  PINK&amp;NEON GREEN!Yeahh buddie	0
whats ur fav tv showww? :D <3  Umm. . . good question i have many bhut i guess 16 and pregnant would be 1 of my fav ones atm. ;D	0
when ever you go to google translate  DONT USE IT!!! trust me....  Hahaha wht are u tlkn bout girl!	0
When was the last time you gave flowers?  Never;;	0
When you were a kid  what did you want to be when you grew up?  Actually i was that kid who wanted to be by herself so i guess when i grow up im going to be ME lol! Hard question 2 answer.	0
Where are ya From??=)  U.S.A!!!;] Known as Mars!!<3	0
Where would you like to spend your retirement?  Haha...when i turn 60 ish ask me this! lol	0
where would you most like to live?  Los Angeles! <33	0
where's your ideal holiday destination?  Umm... Dallas Texas! haha Idk im so plain so idk! Mwhaha	0
Who and when was your first kiss?  Umm.. Long time ago bhut i was like 5 or 6 haha Cory!	0
who are your top three celebrity crushes?  Yumm... Justin Bieber P-diddys son JDoir YUMMM....haha not really a celeb bhut yeah! &amp;&amp; Channing Fckn TATUM!!haha Oh damn!!	0
Who are your Twitter besties?  Ohh mann this is a GREAT ? Chrissy Michelle Savannah AJ Bianca and lotss more + you!<33	0
who decided to take a shit on your face?  im not quite sure! ill tell ya when i find out! I promise(:	1
Who do you think should be the next president of the United States?  Umm... Barack Obama 4 another 4 years! iLovehim!	0
Who was the best teacher you've ever had?  Mmmh... My second grade teach Mrs. Caldwell <3	0
Who's the funniest person you know?  Prob. me or my seester (robbie) hahaha makes me wanna shit myself EVERYTIME she speaks lol	0
Who's the most famous person you've met?  Urgh no1 yet! Keep hopin though!	0
Who's the most overrated athlete?  Michael Jackson! haha wait wrong one  Michael Jordon i meant ahah	0
who's the prettiest person you know?  idkk... mwauuuhhh!(:	0
Who's the sexiest woman alive?  I do not judge gyrls im not bi or a lezzboo!! K thanks'	0
Who's the smartest person you know?  @JustinBSource 4 sure LMAO!	0
Why do u follow the bandwagon? Formspring. Twitter. What's next gay Justin beiber.  Well im not following anything and really BANDWAGON?!?! soo oldd!! Its more like trend these days! Justin Bieber* Idiot! Cnt spell!	1
Why do u like lil kids like Justin Beiber?  Umm... he has a bigga heart than you will EVER have so before you start to hate on a 16yr old that you obviously are addicted to  get your facts straight kay?	0
Why do u like that beiber kid so much. He's lame and can't sing.  Umm.. u kno wht WTF ever! STOP HATIN!	0
-woaahhhhhh! Likee dude i'm in youhr backround!!! :D AWESOMEEEE! <3 ilybbyy(:  - Marryyyyy!!!!??/ LOL! itss yuhh boo!!! Hahaha Noo durr suckkaaa!!! Nahhh i loveee yuhhhh mooOee!!!	0
would u ever go bungee jumping like justin did?  Hahaha i think i would! I always do thee same shizz all thee tyme so yes i would hbu ?! ;D	0
Would you rather be a famous musician or a famous actor?  Not a guy! haha maybe a cheerleader haha jkjk!	0
Would you rather be a vampire or a werewolf?  Werewolf -AkA-  Jacob's Pride lol! His good part! lol	0
Would you rather be a zombie or a mummy?  Zombie 4sho!	0
Would you rather be rich or famous?  Famous(: Bhut im ME 4 rite now!	0
Would you rather date a lot of different people  or be in a committed relationship?  Both? LOL! jk	0
Would you rather get up early or sleep late?  SLEEP LATE!!Duh!	0
Would you rather own a luxury yacht or a private jet?  JET!!(: Hate boats! Worst experience ever was on a boat! Never again!	0
Would you rather swim in a pool or the ocean?  Pool	0
Would you rather work at a large company or a small one?  None! haha	0
yea it's different from warm cali  but's cool :D weeeell gtg now :| gonna meet some friends i a few minutes lol.bye :] xx  Ohh man i bet its tha shit!! Ohhkayy!(: be safe have fun!! <33	0
yeh you r right... how should the 1 be?? i have no bf too!:)  Yehh hahaha...idk.its weird..Boys r Boys So Im Me!!!alone hahah	0
Yooooo mate   RinnaLovesJB here. heyhey  ask me anything ! (:  Hahaha(: ight	0
you need or should delete that 911 tweet. Not funny at all! you know how many people died that day including my father and brother  Umm...im truly sorry! bhut i didnt mean it in ANYWAY like u obviously got offended by!and i said it wasnt funny! So before you get all angry nd shit ill delete that tweet! Kthanks btw RIP ur daddy and brother	0
your attitude is so fun :)  Thank yuh soo muchh!!!;D Im likin yurs 2 Mwah!	0
:D nada  ummm... what? u didnt know jose was my first kiss?	0
:O lol no freaking way! btw  i didnt ask that :D  no freaking way what???	0
ahhh true.. true... plus it plays music XD  Exactly!!!!!(:	0
If you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?  Ahh.. Probably Cookies! D:	0
Pshhh liar ^^  haha im not a liar(:	0
What did you eat for breakfast today?  Cereal!	0
What do you think is your most attractive feature?  Ewwiee! Nothing haha(:	0
what is one thing you can't live without?? :] its me right?  Hahaha of c	0
What is your biggest accomplishment?  Ummm probably playing softball for 10 years(:	0
What was your favorite birthday gift?  a neckalce given to me by my love(: <3333	0
What's the best place near you to get a drink?  Starbuckks!!!!(:	0
What's your favourite part to watch in Rent?  hmmmm. think the part where te guy at support sings tht part makes me tear up=/ La ve boheme is a good one two	0
Where'd you find out about formspring.me?  Umm Bunch of people just joined  and i got bored  so i wanted too!	0
who was ur first kiss  umm.. haha i dont know why you want to kn	0
Why u so perfect!? ;)  hahaha!!! im the farthest from	0
Are you wearing the p<br>  I'm not wearing	0
Do you have a boyfriend?<br>  yess (:	0
can you come to my party tonightt ??  who iss thiiis ???	0
damn. i hate shiiiit talkers on formspringgg. i thought it was just a random question site thing  ahaha thankss kidd ndd yeah i knoo reallyy huh...theeree soo stupidd there to scaredd to sayy anythingg too myy face	0
i heart<3 youu.  ahahah ii loveeee yuuuu moreee(:	0
i lovee joiee<3  ii lovee yuuu moree:P	0
i wub you Joie(:  (: ahaha hii ceara..	0
is jon the person u like?  noo itss nottt	0
Joie is beautifulllll. :)  aww thankss yuu aree to	0
Joiieeeee:) I LaLaLovee Youu  <3  ahaha	0
lmao.. ;yurr reall funny skinny ass bitchh;.. hm.. that isn't really much of an insult now is it? what if i was fat? lol u suck at talkn shit :] later white trash skank :] ur super ugly nd that guy u like really isnt gonna come back around for u. laterrrr  ahhaha yuurr funnyy reall funny ndd i dntt want hatt guy too comee bckk too mee anyyy moree.ndd yeahh i suck at tlking shit.?i jstt dntt tlk shitt over thiss i wouldd tlk itt to yuurr face iff i knew whoo thiss wass.BITCH.! gett a life ndd stopp worrying aboutt mines.....!	1
lol how cute u have friends that back u up :] doesnt matter. ur still a fake bitch :] go find a real bf. not someone out of ur league. lol ugly ass  wow yeahh im a fake bitch yuur thee onee thatss scaredd to sayy all thiiss shitt in myy face.bitchh..!scard too gett fuckedd uuppp...!?!?! yurr reall funny skinny ass bitchh	1
piratee's or ninja's? Ahah  pirateesss .	0
really. travis?  watt yuu meann...?	0
shit talkin bitch  wow reallyy whyy aree yuu tlking all thiis shitt over thiiss formsprings ndd nott inn myy facee whooss thee pussy	1
still a bitch :]  oh wow okay butt yuurr thee onee thattss tlking shittt....cuzz idntt evnn knoo whooo thiisss iss...!	1
Suck it  ahaha all readyy h	1
uhm i think i love me some freaking joie thasss right  <3 :D  ahahah ndd ii lovee mee alott off myy lil floricell(: <33	0
What do you think is your most attractive feature?  uhmmm ?	0
What's your favorite drink?  lemenadeee(:	0
Who do you like?  ummm.....ahhh hottt seniorrr(:	0
Who is ur lover???  welll forr righhtt noww no onee iss_):	0
Who's the most talented person you know?  uhm (:	0
why do u try so damn hard to fit in just be  your fucking self if you know how  ahahah funny	0
whyy aree youu suchh aa faggottt(:  ahahaha i noo	1
you a sexxyy mommma =)  Ahaha thanks	0
your such a slut!!!!!!!!!! vvv  umm okkkayy thankss_(:	0
your ugly.  oohhh well thanksss yuuur soo	1
<3 I love you  you're so beautiful.  I wanna be your boyfriend too.  sure you do liar	0
;I have one for your information; WTF. That's MY LIFE  NOT YOURS. You best think twice before you try to steal my stuff  bitch.  BITCH WHO THE FUCK SAID I WAS STEALIING YOUR STUFF? DUMB FUCK	1
;Show your face Anonymous; WTF?! You make no sense you fake ugly bitch  i never said i did	1
(: Stop hating on my page  kthx.  why would i wanna hate on you?	0
(:  : )	0
(girls)Can you belly dance?r (guys)can you break dance?  haha no	0
..are you? all you can say lmfaoo. well  your fake everyone knows it  no need to go on about it(: sayoonarra<3  i can say more  IM NOT FAKE	1
:(  D:	0
:] im sorry  im not the one being a fake of some lady lol comeon now >.> be your damn self (: and im not fucking mental  i know what js means. i think you need to stfu and get a damn life instead of beng on here and faking some girl ; btw NICE COMEBACK!  I didn;t say you were mental i put that because some people don't what means duh. Your comebacks suck too	1
:] you are fake though :D ? that makes no sense lolol why would you keep faking all these formsprings  your stuuupid :p we all know the real ashlee girls formspring already  soo fuck off may you?  bitch i aint fake she is	1
:3 wow ashleeee your fakes amuse me lmao  okay  you are retarded to keep this page upp :]  your retarded	1
`` im very sexy `` My fucking ass. duuude that made me laugh so fucking hardd(: thank's for making my day ;D  your welcome faggot	1
13?r you're at the perfect age to learn how to suck dick and give hand jobs.  SICKO	1
484 264 3364 ; you should call me.  okay.	0
ahaha my mom is dead :) but thanks ugly ass bitch that NO BODY knows and has no life and has to talk shit on formspring to pretty girls that she is jelouse of :) alright bitch.  you ain't pretty pshh don't make me laugh	1
and you called me fat why?  i don't know I'm sorry	1
are you fake?  No are you	0
are you famous or something? i haven't heard of you.. [x  Nopee	0
are you fat?  nope	0
Are You Good At Hangman? I Suck At It >.<  no	0
are you mental? she made a proof video! you cant lie  are you	0
Are you ready to start school? I am <3.  yea >_<	0
are you single?  yea	0
ashlee cyrus florida  Hey im ashlee im tired of everyone commenting on my damn formspring talking shit  okay?	0
ashlee cyrus...r cyrus is a lame last name.r everyone knows if your a cyrus  you gotta be fake  and you're probably reall ugly in real life.r LMFAO.  duh of course cyrus isn't my real last name it's my fake last name.	1
ashlee....i've had the biggest crush on you for awhile!  i don't go on here a lot.  but please message me on www.findersingle.com under the username ;wishfulthinker;.  please don't get all weird.  =)  NO NO!!!!!!!!!!!	0
Ask me anythInclude Your User Info   ing  who are u?	0
baha  actually  im going to go on now :) BITCH ARE YOU FUCKING STUPID? >.> the REAL ashlee has a proof video  your dumb  your probably just some old man behind a computer screen<3 go fuck yourself<3  nope	1
Basicc Information -  Name ? Age ? Location ? Grade ?  ashlee 13 florida 7th	0
best lil wayne song?  umm idk	0
Best thing that happened to you this summer? :]  nothing really	0
BETTY IS LIKE ADORABLE. YOU LOOK LIKE A CRACK HEADS SHIT IN A TOILET MY DEAR  that doesn't even make sense	1
BITCH STFU AT LEAST I RECOGNIZE MYSELF NOT LYK U  should i care bitch	1
bob  pepe?	0
but your fake!!  I'm not fake (:	0
Call me tomorrow at 7:00 AM.  OK	0
Chick? Are you a fucking lesbain?  No are you	1
Chicken Or Hamburgers?  chicken <3333	0
cuter  me?	0
cyrus?  stalker?	0
do i even know you ? and why the fuck are you leaving shit on my wall. seriously?get a life.  cuz i felt like it :) i have one	1
do i know you?  Do I know you?	0
Do words really hurt you?  no	0
do you curse?  yea	0
Do you hate when people give short boring answers to your questions?  yea all the time	0
Do you know anyone who will do almost  anything for attention? -_- .  yea my sister	0
do you like adtf  yea	0
do you like bodtf?  yea :)	0
do you like nevershoutnever  kinda	0
Do you like to clean?  yea i don't like it when it's dirty	0
Do you like your name?  yea :)	0
Do you love Twilight as much as this? I bet this will be your new homepage. http://MyTwilightSearch.com  ew i hate twilight	0
Do you miss your hometown?  lol no	0
do you think you could make it in the woods with just camping supplys for a week? {no cellphone.)  hell no	0
Does it bother you when strangers try to tell you what to do?  yea -__-	0
Does it make you mad you have tonsssss of hate groups on myspace?  I don't care anymore	1
does your bedroom door have a lock on it?  no	0
Don't call her a bitch vv  just did	1
Don't You Hate How People Make Fake Celerbity Pages? >.<  yea that is sooo annoying	0
dont you hate it when people are only dating for about 2 days and they put ;i love (the persons name); on there statuses and stuff? I do >.<  i hate that so much	0
DUDE  ARE YOU SERIOUS YOUR SO STUPIDDDD >.> STFU!:) and btw  if your tired of people talking shit on your form spring  delete this accountt >.> and be yourself  are you that bad?  not as stupid as you js[just saying]	1
dude  ewwwwr go home roger  back at you	0
dude it seems like everyone hates you. you should just delete all your socialing sites. (:  should i care?	1
Dude she's faking herself  no one else in the world would fake her!  No im not	0
Ever been in a gang? :O  no	0
ever dyed your hair? if so how many times?  never	0
Everyone Look  This Girl Was Using Missy Lockes Pictures And I Told Her She Was Fake  Then She Was Like Im Not Fake  Then She Took Bettys Pictures. SHES DUMB! http://www.formspring.me/LMT23  k	1
ew you're gross. ugly. BITCH  not as gross as you bitch	1
ewwwwwwww  okay i know im ew	1
Faaaaake. :D  I am not fake	1
fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake  Your fake	1
fake!  I'm not fake	0
Fake.  your fake	1
Faveee Timee - Sport ?  volleyball	0
favorite band  hm i don't have one	0
favorite color?  purple : )	0
favorite song?  hmm probably Alejandro by lady gaga	0
favorite song?  I already answered that	0
Favve Song ?  alejandro by lady gaga	0
get a life you twisted bitch!  You get a life	1
get naked  Ew no	0
GIRLS - Do|Have you cheered? GUYS - Do|Have you played football? :]  nope	0
GIRLS; Have You Ever Faught Over A Guy? What Happened? GUYS; Has A Girl Ever Faugh Over You? What Happened? :]  nooo	0
GO TO HELL xD  you go to hell ugly wannabe scene chick.	1
Grosss! Your face is nasty  so is yours	1
Grosss! Your face is nasty  so is yours you don't see me complaining	1
guess what you should do? GET A LIFE. I don't even know you so why would you even start shit with me?! Seriously  you must be a bit messed up in the head. Pathetic.  i have one for your information Nope i ain't messed up	1
GUYS- What do you hate most about girls?  GIRLS- What do you hate most about guys?  they can be annoying	0
haha lifeless cunt stop writing on my wall you shit faced slut  yo mamma	1
Have you ever been to Georgia<33? :]  no but i wanna go their	0
Have you ever hated that you loved someone? >.<  not really	0
Have you ever went to someones page &amp; seen them asking theirselves questions  But when you ask them about it  they deny it? I've seen it -_-  yea that is sooo stupid	0
heey. how many other formsprings do u have? like 50? damn. get a life.  you care why?	1
hello.  hey?	0
here's a cookie eat it : D  Yay nom nom	0
Hey  it's your cousin again :] When are you coming to visit us? I'm gonna make a formspring :]  idk	0
hey everyone  this is the girl that fakes ta  k	1
Hey im ashlee im tired of everyone commenting on my damn formspring talking shit  ..........	0
Hey im ashlee im tired of everyone commenting on my damn formspring talking shit  ///	1
hey why dont you go kill yourself alot of ppl would be really happy :)  why would i wanna do that?	1
heyyy  your an ugly fucking bitch  you think your sexy? haha  you ain't shit besides an ugly bitch. &amp; beware of what? ill fucking put your shit on blast. fucking stupid ass cunt. fuck off  &amp; stop hatein on peoples pages before i go off on your ugly ass.  please bitch what are you going to do nothing. If i were i would get a life	1
hi asslee asshole :D  Hi anonymous	1
Hi you smelly rotten poo. You smell like pigs vomit! Did you just go to the toilet? I wondered what that smell was  you missed the toilet and it fell on your ugly clothes  are you poor? You stink like hamster poo. I'd love to ram a metal pole up your ass.  I'd love to see you get hit by a car :)	1
hi you're ashlee and you're not 16 and you're ugly as hell so beware bye ;)  if i were you i wouldn't be talking beth (:	1
hi  Hey	0
hi  hey (;	0
Hmm  What Questionss? Inbox Me Some Ideas ;]  sure	0
how are you?  Great you?	0
how is your mom  great  yours?	0
How Many Siblings Do You Have?  1	0
How many silly bands do you own? :]  none	0
How much do you have sex?  what type of question is that sicko	1
how often do you go to the salon and get something done to your hair?  like twice a month	0
How old are you?  does it matter	0
http://files.formspring.me/profile/20100511/4bea173ca6455_thumb.jpg  stalkerrrr	0
I don't know you  and I've never said ur ugly. please dot comment on my looks.  learn how to spell (:	1
i dont know you  but you seem like a bitch  I'm not	1
i found you on jensens thingie. i cant really see your picture but i guess your cute?  on what? thanks (:	0
I Hate When Formspring Messes Up  Don't You ? -_-  sometimes	0
i hate when people are mad at for no reason at all...what about you?  i dislike that	0
i hope your asswhole gets sniffed by aids  Hope you get aids (:	1
I know  they're amazing!! The singer Jeremy McKinnon is soooooo funny :) He loved giving me high fives. My shirt is so cool too. It's with a fat guy on it. lol. Do you know the band August Burns Red?  dude like i said your so lucky! no	0
i like how everyone writes you just to insult you. seriously  all your questions are dissing you! HAHAH.  Are you sure im not dissing you	1
i like yur bg  thanks	0
I LOVE ADTR! VvV They're my fav. I know every song by heart.  serious? they are a good band :D	0
i never said that i'm 16 or that i'm sexy. dumbasssssss  are you sure bitch?	1
I really wanna take you downn ;] ( It's a song! ) lmfaoo .  lmfao i thought something else	0
i swear to fucking god bitch. i hate you so much. you think you can add people and just talk shit on there pages? haha  naaa. yuuu must got us fucked up. im going to hunt your ass down and beat the shit out of youu with my own to hands. kbitchhhh?  lame ass joke you can't do shit	1
I'm not a creepy stalker. Just everyone fucking hates you so everyone knows what you fucking do. You remind me of Harmony Flashpink but uglier and alittle more pathetic. Everyone knows you fake yourself and other girls  and you want attention. Dumbfuck.  i dont fake myself	1
i'm not fake (:r sorry.  liar	1
If you had to perform at the circus  what trick would you do?  idk........	0
If Your Going To Be Rude &amp; Give Smart Ass Answers; We Will Unfollow You. :]  okay	1
im a big fan of betty and u is ugler than her so fuck up bitch u ugly shit head  oh wow should i care	1
im bored  same here :	0
Is There Anyone You Wish You Never Met? -_-  no	0
It's your cousin again lol :] why is everyone saying your fake?  they are stupid	0
its cool how you swear when your only 13 :)  i know	0
lala  lololol	0
Learn how to spell? Learn how to tell apart a typo from a spelling error.   And learn how to be a proper fake.  you learn to keep your damn mouth shut	1
LMFAO  you're fucking creepy &amp; must have no friends nor life  if you have to create muliple formsprings of yourself  saying theyre fakes. Quit thinking everyone wants to be you  &amp; they copy you. No one would fake you. I'm sorry your such a pathetic poser.  your the one who is creepy stalker	1
lyrics for You Should Have Killed Me When You Had The Chance ADTR  So I say goodbye to a town that has ears and eyes I can hear you whispering as I walk by Familiar faces smiling back at me and I knew This would make them change  The only thing that's going to bother me Is that you'll all call yourselves my friends  Why can't you look me in the eyes one last time?  The writings on the wall  you've read that I'll be gone  but if you call my name Just know that I'll come running  for one more night to spare with you This is where I'm meant to be  please don't leave me  Iu2019ve read these stories a thousand times  and now Iu2019ll rewrite them all Youu2019re meddling in an anger you canu2019t control She means the world to me  so hold your serpent tongue Is a whores lies worth dying for? I'll just take my time  The only thing that's going to bother me Is that you'll all call yourselves my friends  Why can't you look me in the eyes one last time?  The writings on the wall  you've read that I'll be gone  but if you call my name Just know that I'll come running  for one more night to spare with you This is where I'm meant to be  please don't leave me  I walked into your house this morning I brought the gun from our end table Your blood was strewn across the walls They'll find you on your bathroom floor  I walked into your house this morning I brought the gun from our end table Your blood was strewn across the walls They'll find you on your bathroom floor when I'm done  But should I write it all off? But should I write it all off? But should I write it all off? (You should have killed me when you had the chance) But should I... ? (You should have killed me when you had the chance) You should have killed me when you had the chance You should have killed me when you had the chance	0
Me pathetic?? your the one who started the shit...  so?	1
no body likes yuuuuuuu!  like I care	1
No honestly your really immature :)  your the one	1
nom nom  yum yum	0
Nope. I actually have a life. *COUGHCOUGH* unlike you  the lonely pathetic ugly lowlife man/woman who's life events are: staying on formspring creating fakes and starting shit. Seriously  I'm not the bitch  you are. END OF STORY. KCOOLBYE.  i have a life show your face Anonymous	1
obese  not close to obese	0
oh god not you again.  same here	1
Oh well  I met ABR too. The singer is the shit  he's a beast.  lucky pringle pop	0
ohh look the girl who fakes herself....  I only faked myself once!	1
Ok bitch.. wanna get started on me ?.. Ok one faggot is an over used term that people try to use on me to get me to feel bad.. two.your nothing but alowlife bitch who gets the kicks out of starting shit with people don't comestarting shit on my formspring  well i want to bitch	1
Okae then bitch you dont got any quick comebacks now do you you fucking FAKE!!!/  wow pathetic much?	1
online <3  :p	0
pretty gurrrl(:  haha thanks (:	0
relation to Miley Cyrus?  what	0
SLUT LEAVE BETTY ALONE CUNT FACE  she is the slut	1
Sooo you have sex alot?  df no	0
stay off of my formspring? I don't even know who you are..  why should I	1
STFU YOU HOE. you piece of shiit.  wow i feel insulted	1
stop annoying betty btw. you're  a really sad little girl/boy . You think ur all grown up now using big words . stupid child  living a fake life behind a damn keyboard and a screen. how more pathetic can you be ?  girl I'm not fake hun	1
stop leaving stuff like ;fake; on your own formsrping. dead give away dumbass. SUCK A CUNT  what are you talking about?	1
Stop making fakes of yourself. You are ugly as fuck. You're not actually 16 bitch. And you're deff not a cyrus. Get a mother fucking life  cunt.  I don't make fakes of myself person so get your fakes straight js	1
sure  but you must spamr http://www.formspring.me/ddox3r &amp;r http://www.formspring.me/juliex2r or we wont continue spamming your (:  okay sure will	0
Thats all i can think of right now >.< Gimme ideas &amp; I will ask more stuff :] <33333  sure will	0
u know u care that betty is way better looking than u  she is fugly	1
Ugly piece of shit  stop talking about yourself.	1
ugly.  i know you are	1
Uhm you did  right down there vvvvvvv. You're the 'dumbfuck'.  Stop starting shit with everyone  kcoolbye.  bitch your the one who is copying me	1
Ur face is nasty  yep	1
ur pretty screw every one below me :P  thanks : )	0
Well don't because it's crude.  crude?	0
what am i going to do? hahaha  what am i going to do? haha  what im going to do is get some bitchess to kick the living shit out of your ugly fake wanna be bitch made ass.  yea right don't make me laugh	1
What are your plans for the weekend? I'm going to Miami :] <3.  going to my grandma's	0
What Color Are Your Eyes?  brown	0
What Did You For Lunch? : ]  a peanut butter and jelly sandwhich	0
What did you think about before bed last night?  about sheep	0
what do you like best about formspring?  when people ask you questions	0
what does lol mean?  laugh out loud	0
What the hell.  back to you	0
What website do you spend the most time on?  Myspace	0
What's the nicest thing someone's ever done for you?  they made me shit ;0	0
What's the quickest you've fell for someone?  like 3 months	0
What's your favv waterpark to go to? :]  don't have one	0
whats the last thing you do before going to bed  brush my teeth	0
whats the wierdest color you'd ever dye your hair?  i have never dyed my hair	0
whats ur myspace page??  I don't have one anymore i deleted it	0
whats your favorite silly band shape?  a dino	0
When does school start for you? Mine starts Aug. 19th ;/  september 7th	0
When you drop your phone  Do you get scared it broke? I do >.<  yea	0
Where Were You Born? Did You Also Grow Up There?  florida and yea	0
who are you?  yo momma	1
Who pays your phone bill? :]  my mum	0
who the fuck are you even?  a person :)	1
why are you still alive?  idk D; you tell me	1
why are you stupid  WHY ARE YOU STUPID?	1
Why did you fake yourself? That's lameeee you know there is like a lot of hate groups on myspace of you?  I DON'T FAKE MYSELF SHUTUP	1
Why do girls call themselves ;5 star chicks; Butt  they still live at home with their mom? -_-  lmfao	0
why do you do this to ashlee?  I am Ashlee duh	0
why do you fake yurself?  i don't fake myself	0
why do you have so many friggin formsprings? geez  those are fakes	0
why not? and all you have to say is ;nope;. oh and leave people alone(: delete this you fucking fake :)  I AINT FAKE FYI	1
worst place to eat at?  mcdonald's	0
Would you have sex with a fat guy?!?!  No	0
Would you kiss the last person you talked to on the phone?  ew no	0
would you rather your parents watch you having sex or your preacher? (from beginning to end lmao..)  parents xD	0
wow you're a fucking fake. if you're tired of everyone talking shit on you formspring  either stop talking shit to them first  or delete the damn thing. gosh  you're fucking retarded. I forgot how stupid people are these days  and that would be you.  whatever bitch	1
Wow you're fucking stupid. You told a girl whoo had her info showing ;Show your face anonymus; and your comebacks fucking suck. ;Fighting over the Internet is like being in the special olympics  even when you win  you're still retarded.;  um looks who's talking your talking shit to me. stop being a hypocrite (:	1
wow  woah	0
xdfcvghjkl  dsfdsfdsgfdfgsd	0
y do u have a big nose seriously no girl have a big nose ?  so not as big as yours	1
Yeah  I met them at their show :) Got a free shirt too.  serious? your so lucky	0
Yeauh   I'm Really A liar. You're Cool. r i don't lie for stupid reasons.(:  okay :o	0
Yo shorty  This bitch fake!  I'm not fake : )	1
you are nasty. (:  so are you	1
you are stupid and ugly.  that's what you are	1
YOU DONT EVEN FUCKING HAVE FAKES STOP THE FUCKING BULLSHIT AND GET A LIFE JEZUSS. HOW OLD ARE YOU KID? LIFELESS BITCH YOU NEED HELP.  Yes i do	1
you drunk  nah	0
you got a myspace  yea	0
You guys have funny answers :] Do you read peoples answers to your questions like i do? :D  yea lol all the time	0
YOU NEVER CALLED ME.  my bad	0
you should come next week!  k	0
YOU SHOULD DIE  kay	1
You should ignore all those comments people send to you. Everyone knows you don't fake yourself  and they just want to be like you. You're very pretty  and I know I'm jealous of my cousin :]  :o	0
you should listen to the song ;big weenie; by eminem (: it describes you SO much!!!!! everyone feels this way towards you xD  lol are you sure your not describing yourself?	1
You suck =]  you do nigga	1
you sure as hell look like a dog.  don't fucking call me 'hun'.  got it.  i don't look like a damn dog hun lol i just did what you gonna do about it (:	1
you're fucking pathetic  so are you for commenting my formspring	1
you're mean.  okay	1
you're one of the ugliest bitches I've ever fucking seen  have you seen your face lately because if you had you wouldn't be talkin hun (:	1
You're really rude. What the heck is your problem?  i dunno what's yours?	1
you're the bitch :) fuck off.  I'm not a dog hun	1
your a fake. your a fake for calling the REAL hailey fake on her formspring. what a lame bitch :)  your lame for no leaving your stupid username	1
your a fuckin ugly bitch you look like a man in the face :)  whatever you say (:	1
your background stupid tooo  like your face	1
your come backs are fucking horrible you dumb bitch. wtf  are you like fucking five? you're like. 'i know you are but what am i?' yeahhhh. no. bitch get a fucking life.  i have one unlike you hun	1
Your comebacks suck balls  like i said do yours	1
Your comebacks suck balls  so do yours	1
Your face is nastyy  your just jealous	1
your fucking ugly.  like your mom	1
your mad ugly. true talk.  like your face	1
your not FUCKING pretty  stop hating on grace and all these pretty girls  your just jealous. omg  why would i wanna be jealous of them?	1
Your probably the one faking KAI! HUH! FUCKING BITCH!  hun i have a life unlike you	1
Your so fucking immature I'm sorry you have no friends so you have to be rude to everyone  your just jealous im sexy and your not :P stupid Anonymous show your face faggot	1
your thing says your very sexy.. lololol hah ! LIES ! ! :)  stalker much?	1
your ugly as fuuuuck ( : betty is 10000% prettier than youuu  so stopp being a bitchhh.  psh yea right	1
your ugly  your momma	1
YOURE UGLY (:  stop talking about yourself :)	1
;iloveyoubaby; ;iloveyoutoobabygirl;  that ^ haha [x  Yess it was pretty cute ;)	0
:)  :))	0
a c t u a l l y;;i DO want himm<33 [: so you can hush that! [:  Goooooood  cause I want you too ;))) <3	0
ahaa ge i wonder ? [; ha  i likee you kidd <3  Awww maybe you should tell me who you are so we can get to know each other  KID ;) <3	0
ahaa to late i already sent youu onee[;  ooo i guess you're too quick for me ;)	0
ahahaahahahaha. yourr a funny kid.  I knowwww :)	0
ahh this is cutee [;  What's cute?	0
alright cool :)  :)))	0
and why is that?  I forgot what we were talking about :p I love you twinsie<3	0
And why would you fight for her   jst asken  Because she is an amazing person  and I hope that she would agree with me when i say we're ;close friends;...	0
andrew once again stop talking to MY friends. nobody likes you. you think your hot shit and thats whats annoying. bye failed rapist :)  Hahahaha :D	1
anyone or someone particular?  Kinda...but idk if she's still feelin it...	0
are u guus foing out yet!???  Yes  we are.	0
are you and lindsey talking?  As friends...but nothing more than that  she doesn't like me like that	0
are you foing out???  nah bro  not yet...hopefully soon though :)	0
Are you saying you would fight for lindsey  because a lot of people would. Your not the first ;challenge.;  I'm not trying to be the challenge. Ithought you were  but seeing as you're not then there's no point in arguing. And yes  i would fight for Lindsey anytime  anywhere.	0
arent u guys going out?  nah buddy...so who are you?	0
ASSHOLE  ???	1
Aw see even nico does nott want too go near you. I like that you try and typeall ghetto. YOU dont fucking scare me you bitch. Ill fucking kill you if we faught. You'd probably bring your ;ghetto friends; Bahahaha. Who would that be? Bella and kendall? Pff  Actually i would love to ;go near her;  but im not the kind of asshole who puts that sort of unfair pressure on a girl :) and shut the fuck up  you're not hardcore you cunt....you probably know nothing about fighting and im sure you'd get fucked up in a real fight  so stop acting badass and go aay unless you're gonna stop being a bitch and do something about it.	1
Aww you'll have some beat my ass? Your not ;badass; enough to do it yourself? Exactly what imeant by pussssssyss<33333  Cause you're probably a fuckin girl. Tell me who youu are and ill do it myself.	1
because if its who i think it is  i asked if she wants a boyfriend and you can find out the rest from her if it is her  Who do you think it is?	0
bullllllllll. ( : ahah.  I swear! I could never lie to my fiancee! ;)	0
but it says right above that i cant :(  That's sarcasm...its why i put a winky face ;)	0
Cute :)  Thanksss :) who is this? :D	0
dickkkkkkkkkkkkkk????  Vaginaaaaaaaaa???	0
did u ever like tayler philips?  Maybe...why?	0
Do u wanna get raped? ;) hehe  Not really  why don't we just have sex? :D hahahaha	0
do you think girls look better with makeup on or none?  Idk...i personally think makeup is unnecessary because it merely hides natural beauty	0
do you want a girlfriend?  Yeah  I wanna be with someone...	0
do you want another hint?  Yess :)	0
does it look like i give a flying fuck? ;]  you should  cause you're a friendless faggot	1
DONT EVEN TRY TO DENY IT SHE CAN DO SO MUCH BETTER THEN YOU. I JUST WISH SHE COULD OPEN THOSE PRETTY LITTLE EYES OF HERS AND SEE IT! FUCKING PLAYER!!!!!!  im sure she can	0
Dont squirm motha fucka! its just a syringe. in my spare time i skin these NIGGERS and hit up the nigga nico to binge! Aha what up nigga zure!  Nice rhyme LLAMA FUCKER!!! ;)	1
dudde ima fuuck you til you bleed:)  Haha sorry I'm not into that sort of thing	1
dude you are such a fucken fagget ahahaha  Ahaha that's funny you anonymous bitch!!! :)	1
EW FUCKKK NO SHES UGLY AS FUUUCCKKK.  If she was ugly as ;fuck;  then i wouldn't be talking to her you retard...i know a pretty girl when i see one	1
ew i wuld never be jelous of ur life. coke yup thats a drug to but u still seem to handle with it a lot. no one gives a flying fuck about ur life and leave andrew the fuck alone bc u only hate him for the firey cunt  haha i don't do coke you idiot...and i dont give a fuck about that guy he's the one commenting on my formspring so shut up	1
ew VVVVVVV  I don't know which question you're pointing at asshole.	1
exactly. ur not hard get the fuck over urself  How about you get over me and get the fuck out of here.	1
FRANCES &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; NiCO; take uur convo's to private no one wants to hearrr all loveyyy doveyy!!!! shutup!!!!  ahaha shut upp	0
frances laura senecal is ugglyyy.  No  Frances Laura Senecal is gorgeous. She's absolutely one of the most beautiful girls i've ever seen.	0
Frances seriously stop trying to make people feel bad for you  ugly bitch.  She's not ugly you stupid cunt  she's beautiful...why don't stop talkin crap and get a life you silly fuckstick. Damn  like honestly how much of a loser do you have to be to talk shit over formspring.?	1
fuck no im not jealous of the ugly ass freak.  Bitch  suck my fucken dick. Why don't you say that shit to my face you fuckin pussy?	1
ha i would lovee to but i heard that im ;harassing; youu so its a big no can do. ;P but maybe if we did get to know eachother we could spend some quality time togetherr [; hahaha  Well i thought that you were at first but I've realized that you're intentions are good and i wanna get your number ;)))	0
haaha cutee. yourr callingg mee ahh pussy when your bitchass wont leave a name right? you wanna get down  im telling you im down. one on one. letss goo ( : FAKE BITCH'<333  :)	1
haha [:  hehe :}	0
haha connnnceidddddeddd much?  Kinda...	0
haha damn the ninja thing gave it away  Haha yepp	0
haha i knew youu would [: andd umm this kids a creep  worse than you! bahahaha VV &amp;&amp; woww yourr retarded  lol [[;  Thanks!!	1
haha i know i tried to make it really obvious for youu lol [[:  I appreciate the help ;)))	0
haha keep saying shit ill kill you  Well then you'll go to jail!	1
haha loserrr (:  Im not a loserrr xD and damn people are nasty  they should learn how to speak properly to a beautiful young lady such as yourself <3	0
haha me too  haha iloveyouutooBABYY<3;D  IloveyoumoreBABYGIRL<3 (;	0
haha nah you know me:) just guess...  Give me a hint :)	0
haha no fair :p  why do i cause so much drama? :(	0
haha ok  If you don't mind me asking  how would you kill me?	0
haha thanks to you or i would have never been named an honerary ninja :)  haha yeeee im awesome(:	0
haha thankz  no problem	0
haha you did hate her because she stopped talking to you for another guy hahahaha thats funny  Dude it's so hilarious I cant stop laughing!!!!	0
haha you guys are freakss<3 love you both tho :D  Aha love you too<3	0
haha youu are too cute<3  thanksssssss :)	0
Hahah stfu q;  hehehe about the bra thing?	1
hahaha funny id love to see that forest fire fight  Sounds like a challenge. How bout you fight me?	1
hahaha! to the hater who said im ;ugly as fuck;;;youu need to open your eyes bc iknow im farr from ugly''&amp;&amp; im not being conceited--just confident[; so you cann hushh that[; &amp;&amp; babe if your gonna talk shit'say it to my face<3  I think i had it under control Love(;	1
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahha your funny im not at all  That's good for you  you can stop talking to me.	0
happy?  No...	0
hello i would just like to tell you that i think your soo perfect  and adorable  a LIAR and totally kissable''and im pretty into you<3 do i have a chance? [;  You definitely have a chance baby  and I'm really into you too :))) hopefully when i see you there will be some kissing going on<3 and I'm not perfect  YOU are<33	0
hi my name is nico and im a total studd ;D u2665  Why thank you<3 I'd like to be your stud ;D	0
How do youu plan on making my birthday amazing?:D<3  haha read my previous message :)	0
how have your past couple days been?  They've been good :)	0
i cant tell you that because it would give it away...but i didnt know you personally last year...  Do you play any sports?	0
i didnt say u did it. did i? no i didnt.  well then why did you bring it up?	0
I DO know you on a personal level. Bitch.  Well if you can't support me and my decisions then maybe we shouldn't be friends. BITCH.	1
I DO SUPPORT YOU I JUST WISH YOUD BE DATING SOMEONE ACTUALLY CUTE.. NOT JUST DATING HER FOR HER BIG ASS.  She's beyond cute  she's beautiful...and im not dating her yet  so you're wrong about me and my reasons for liking her.	1
i dont givafuck. ur friendless  previously stated in one of my other comments. except for firey  bitch  ahaha i do have friends  and i know who they are so don't try to teach me about my own life.	1
i guarantee you guys wont be going out by the end of summer..  I guarantee that you're a fuckin retard....soooo fuck you	1
i hate ur fucking guts. u &amp; lindsey? grossest thing ive ever seen  Haha there's nothing special between us so shut your mouth...and she's better than you  depending on if you're a girl or not haha	1
I have my shit straight  she wears like the same T-shirts.. her little pink and white stripped shirt or the plaid blue and red or pink shirt or whatever  and maybe some random ones.. with jeans or shorts and vans. OWNED.  Ahaha not really dumbfuck!!!! And even if she did i wouldnt mind  cause i dont care what other people think...all i care about is her.	1
i hope not fool  i like her. she  is bomb as fuck and she got body! sry fo spellin ya name wrong lil mama  hahaha dude you're a badass	0
i hope you know i hate you. frances is one of my best friends! ass hole!  Good for you...I don't see why you hate me though?	1
i really am sorry you have to have this ishh on your page tho nico  but im not just gonna sit here while people talk shit thats just not how i was raised. so im sorryy i dont mean to be freeaking out all on here i kinda cnt help it.  It's totally fine  don't worry about it :))	0
i see you still like frances ;)  :?	0
I was juuust saying hi :)  Hahaha ohhhhh  hi :))	0
ill fight you bitch  haha fuckoff loser i don't know who you are	1
im a girl:)  Oh wow! How do i know you? :)	0
im a ninja if that helps  Shira? :)	0
Im not jealous  Im disgusted. Shes grosss.  Ummm she's really not...get your shit straight before you start frontin'.	1
im not Jewish im catholic so suck a dick  No thanks I don't like dick	1
im not the one who called you a whore either haha. i play soccer and run track and did dance for eight years and did gymnastics  Do you go to Poly?	0
im not the one who said sext me but i was the one joking about the inappropriate messages. who do you think i am? :)  You honestly want me to guess? You could be anyone in the whole world! hahaha	0
Is that a problem?  Possibly	0
its not a big deal  I dont want people to harass you though :(	0
just stuff. i can handle it imma big girl dont tripp.  Alrightt	0
LEAVE FRANCES ALONE SERIOUSLY DUDE ALL YOUR GOING TO DO IS HURT HER YOUR OVER HERE ;TALKING; TO HER AND TALKING TO SABREENA AT THE SAME TIME!  aha sorry im not talking to sabreena  we're just good friends  dumbass.	1
lets see it then ? ( : &amp;&amp; i was born in th ghetto si wtfuhh you know bout tht cuhh? ahaha not a damn thing! get on my level trickk. show a name &amp; catchh ahh fade lil homiee. &amp; no you know what dont stay away from me  come find me bxtch ;D<33  .	1
Lindseys one of the coolest chicks at poly so stop hating.  Shes more mature than you'll ever be. I've seen her fight  i dare you to fight her.  I couldn't have said it any better myself :)	1
lmao! V ( :  You silly girl :D	0
lmfaoooooo. JEALOUS bitches make me sick!(; so nicoo  ahaah what th fxck is up! :D  bahaha idk :) whats goin on?	0
lol [: your a funny kidd you know that? [;  Well i do now :p	0
nah im just joking  haha	0
Nah you wish  so  ...no.	0
Nico Martinez  why are youu so hott!? Hahaha  Haha Im not sure  its just natural ;)	0
Nicoooo! :) okay...welllllll bye :)  Hahaha what? :))	0
no i dont why on earth would i wish for something like that?! i actually wish you would stop being a fucking player!  How am i a player at all? Maybe if you knew me then you would know that im the one who gets played..	0
no it's too fun  Then you must have a very dull life...loser	1
no thats what formspring is for  Ohhhhh I get it now.	0
No you wont.  Haha listen asshole  you can't sit there and try to tell me about MY feelings unless you know me on a personal level and we're good friends.	1
no. I hate taylor she used to b firey until she dyed her hair  okay i dont really give a shit so find something better to do than criticize me.	1
No. Im not. But thanks for throwing that out there ;)  Uhh you sound like a retard when you say shit like that  cause you dont know what's gonna happen...we could be going out for one day or one year  but it doesn't matter cause ill always feel the same about her.	1
nope unfortunately  Ahh	0
not telling. you will have to just find out on your own. it probably won't be too hard though.  Haha oh yeah...fml....but youz a bitchass nigga	1
o i wonder........  Wow you really are persistent	0
oh frances hunny dont try and talk all ghetto your white ass doesnt fucking scare me  i will break you in fucking half.  Dude back the fuck off....i probably don't even know you so get the FUCK off of my fucken page and stay the FUCK away from Frances.	1
oh goodness /:  What? :(	0
oh well 2 baddddd  You're very annoying	0
ohh reallu? well how does it feel to want [; ?!  not good  i don't like being teased ;)	0
ohhh &amp;&amp; hes deffinately DROWNING!! (;  Sikeeeee! that nigga's a lil headbanger :)	0
People Are Mean  They Talk Way To Much Shit On You. Poor Thing. Hahah.  I knowwwww foolllll  they're jealous cause i pull bitches and no one wants their tiny dicks xD bahahaha	0
PLAYER !  You wish!	0
r u &amp; Frances still talken?  Yeah. why?	0
r u gay  Nah bro  I'm straight as can be	1
say it to my face trick ass nigga i will fxckin murder you i aint tryna make no body feel bad so you can hush that you got something to say then please  step up &amp;&amp; show a namee fuckinn bitch. whuss up?!  .	1
school...kinda  Tell me about yourself :)	0
sext me<3 ;)  give me your number<3 ;)	0
shira or frances?  No.	0
so are you talking to shira or frances? its hard to keep up  playa playaa lol.  Frances :)	0
so whats up  nm...just chillin	0
so whats up?  nothin much:)	0
So who is it that you like?  Uh I'm not totally sure right now  I'm sort of torn between two people.	0
so you said you were on your way like an hour ago  you only live like 15 min away..where youu be? ;D  its more like 5 mins :) and i was delayed by a train ;)	0
so you wont? lol you forgot the ending. it goes like this ;i would if i could  but i cant  so i wont; <3  I know but i knew you would'nt be able to resist the urge to finish it :))	0
so you'll text me when you can again right? <3  yeah :)	0
sorry that was funny. ;playa playa; ahah. :p  i know  right? ;))	0
thanks though :) i appreciate it  :)	0
that was gonna be the first hint but i guess i knew it was too obvious  haha well you are the only ninja i know ;)	0
thats a lie.  no.	0
thats what i thought haha  What?	0
the chicken flies at midnight....don't tell anyone  haha ok it'll be our secret	0
they are pointing to the one about me. You dont know a damn thing about me so stfu! seriously if you new me you wouldnt treat me the way you do im a human being and i have feeling so respect that  fucking ass hole. im sorry nico.  Frances don't be so angry  this person is obviously jealous of you in some way and they talk shit on you cause they think you'll stoop to their level so they can be even with  you....don't worry about them  just ignore it<3	0
too late  i hate you  I could give two shits and a fuck about your hatred for me :)	1
u have a dull life. it consists of drugs weed and firey bitch ur life must suc  haha weed is a drug dumbfuck...and you must be jealous of my life since you know so much about it	0
ur gonna have a lot of shit on here cuz a lot of ppl hate u  I've actually anticipated that  and I'm already aware that a lot of people hate me...	1
VV excuse me anonymous  but that is not how you spell my name :p and your welcome<3 hahaha [:  hehe i know  people are stupid...and i knew it was you ;)))	0
well i had to put my two cents in [: haha  I gotcha :D	0
well put...  Thank you :)	0
well thats just too bad now isn't it? [;  yess its very unfortunate :)	0
what are youu talking about GAYY'BOYYu2665  idid textt you back  YOU didnt text me back!?  maybe you should text me NOW!!!! :)	0
what do you mean? what drama did you cause?  People keep talking about me on your page :/	0
what if i want to ask you something inappropriate? ;)  Then do it(;	0
what's up?  What? Who is this?	0
WHATEVER. Im gunna leave before you guys cry &amp; get yourselves hurt  i mean your begging me to leave  bye pussys!!!!!!!!!!!!!  You're the one being anonymous! Give me your name and ill have someone beat your ass.	1
whats up with you and francis????  What do you mean?	0
who are these two people?  Umm its not really your business  maybe if i knew who you were i could tell you...	0
who is your bestfriend???  You are :)	0
WHORE!  You know it :)	1
wtf ? V  I don't know.	0
y3ah im sur3 sh3 d0nt want y0u..  Oh thats bad news :/ and nice gay typing dude	1
yeah go ahead and play victim  i do know you nico. thats how i know your a player.  Fuck you bitch  if you did know me then you would know that Lindsey and Haley both played me so shut your mouth	1
yeah i know /: ha  thanks hun<33 [:  You're most certainly welcome :) would it be alright if i were to send you a text message? ;D	0
yeah its really hard to when i get this shit like every ither day like it seriously pisses me off now  if it was like yesturday i wouldnt give 2 fucks but with everything im going thru right now its like wtf.  What happened?	0
yeahh. im over this convo  on to th nextt onee! ahahaha. hello.  Hi my name is Nico. Its a pleasure to meet you :)	0
YO DAWG I HERD U LIKE CANS  SO WE PUT A CAN IN YO CAN SO YOU CAN HAVE A CAN WHILE ON THE CAN  Dude thank you sooo much  that's what I've always wanted!!! Haha	0
You and frances gross me out  nastiest couple ive ever freakin seen. Your way out of her league like no joke.  I appreciate you trying to help  but its not working...so why don't you go away and stop being jealous  yeah?	1
you are very welcome  Who are you? :-)	0
you should ask her if shes still ;feelin it; so you know for sure  And why are you trying to give me advice.?	0
you tell me :p  I would if i could  but i cant :(	0
youd fight for lindsey? im a gurl. id love to see it  Hahaha well then i can't fight you canI? and if you don't mind me asking  why do you dislike her?	0
your a fagggggg  You're a bitchhhhh	1
your MIGHTY attractive  <33 ;D  Aww thanks <3 I wonder who this could be? ;)))	0
your my bitch and ill kill you nigga  How bout you suck my dick?	1
your so gay haha  Well you're fat.	1
your still gay and a bitch haha  Well you're a rapist so fuckoff	1
Your the one talkin shit back.. fuckstick? i mean seriously how 5th grade can you get?  I didn't know 5th graders were so badass....why don't you get out of here before i fuck you in the ass so hard  your kids won't be able to sit down for the first 8 years of their lives!!!	1
yup yup. same grade as you too.  did we have any classes together this year?	0
yuppp  Thanks for the memo  if you would reveal your identity we could continue this conversation in depth :)	0
helloooo ;)<br>  Hello to you to :)	0
&amp;&amp; if anyone gets tired of my questions or just generally annoyed with being spammed please let me know. I am not here to bother anyone! Thank you!  kkkkk i think ive got this message like 18 times already haha	0
;musta;(mooosta)- a Filipino word w/c means how are you.. so  musta? :]  bien. which is good in spanish. hahaha musta?	0
(:r cools iLike that pikk lols  Thanks. It was in Panama with 7 other chicks. Funn times.	0
(If it were to save a life) Would you ever give mouth to mouth to a person with Herpes?  Ohhh uhhh?? No to be honest.	0
(this one is bothering me a bit.) Why does it seem like most everyone wants to knwo if the world will end in 2012? Are we going to fear it till it's over like Y2K?  yup probably	0
*POOF* Your in prison... Why are you there?  i killed a man.	0
.  .	0
:) Are you currently happy in your life right now?  Im a very happy person but I could definantly be happier with some different aspects i my life.	0
3 physical features you get complimented on a lot? Name your least favorite feature?  Smile. Ethnicity. Eyes. in that order the most. and my least favorite feature would be my height  but only because forever I wanted to be a model and in America you have to be likeee 7' anorexic giraffe. hahhaa	0
3 physical features you get complimented on a lot?  smile. eyes. complection	0
3 things that your mom doesn't know about you  hmmm..she knows a lot. she doesnt know....uhhh that ive smoked pot before. that i want to change the world more than what i just say out loud. how much i hate money.	0
5 favorite things to eat  Anything thai and spicy.r mexican.r Veggies :]r Grapes  strawberries  Fruit. har And Rice. r I love food btw.	0
A car is broken down on the side of the road; do you stop to help?  yes. i have before :) i gave a dude a jump on my way to school hahaha	0
A world without bees; good or bad?  BAD! the world without bees would mean we would die out in about 5 yrs..thats really bad! :(r SAVE THE BEES!	0
ability to fly or breath under water?  fly most definantly.	0
About how many pairs of jeans do you own?  Like 6 or so but I like a couple enough to wear all the time. ;]	0
Actually  IhDontMind..GoAhead  hahaha	0
Adolf Hitler was a one testicled vegetarian. What did you do with his other testicle?  threw it at his nazi regime.	0
After how many kids would you get your tubes tied/// guys:  A vasectomy? (random)  I wouldnt.	0
after the viewing of said video footage who sees it next?  i guess the other people in it?	0
After you have a dream  do you mostly wake up remembering it or not?  remembering. but i have some crazzyyy dreams haha	0
Alvin  Simon  or Theodore?  Theodore. He always gets yelled at :)	0
Always wear your seat belt?  yepp	0
and it was an interesting question that i asked to get that hobo statement lol  What was the question?	0
and last q for the moment..........is duck tape made out of ducks?  ehh idk?	0
and then prue &amp; Phoebe from charmed came over but then the robots came back &amp; i had to run but some boy saved me lol #Random  random yes. lol	0
Any Living Grandparents ??  not grandparents..	0
Any new and exciting news youu2019d like to share?  i need a job hahaha	0
Any plans to become a doctor someday?  Nope. I don't want to be a doctor. Only a nurse. traveling nurse actually :]	0
Anything your parents should know about?:  show your face	0
are children who act in R rated movies allowed to see them  idk but thats a good question. i always wonder the same thing. and why the parents allow them to be in it in the first place?	0
Are dollar stores cool?:  yes they are.	0
Are minors allowed to drink in your state?  not legally.	0
Are most of your dreams realistic (that it feels like it can actually happen in real life) or non realistic (you flying)?  buncha dream questions...hahaha r r its a mix of both real and nonrealistic..mostly weird once again.	0
Are my questions boring?  not really. im just trying to get through them	0
Are the best things in life free?  yes :)	0
Are there any bruises on your body?  Not currently	0
Are there any people on youtube that you subscribe too and always watch their vids?  Nahh	0
Are u a virgin?  Are you anonymous?	0
Are you a cat or dog person?  dog definantly	0
are you a filipina??or a foreigner??  nope. half korean	0
Are you a friendly person?  yes sure am :)	0
Are you a generous person?  very generous.	0
Are you a good painter?  I believe so :)	0
Are you a happy person?  most of the time	0
Are you a leader or a follower?  LEADER <3	0
are you a party girl?  Not in a hey lets get drunk and puke our guts out  not remember anything tomorrow and have a headache kind of girl. r Just a laugh at everything for no reason  do the random robot in public  social in every aspect kind of party girl :]	0
Are you a private person or do you openly share your life with people around you?  PRIVATE.	0
are you a registered voter?  Of course. We the people are the government :]r all people should vote.	0
Are you a risk taker? If yes  what kind of risks had you taken? If not  why not?  yes more than no. and because i roll with the punches. but like to think ahead at the same time haha	0
Are you a sore loser?  Not at all	0
Are you a tease? I am haha :)  yes again	0
Are you a touchy feely person?  Not at all. I like my space  that's for sure. And I hate clingy touchy blahhh ha	0
Are you addicted to popping pimples?  no lol i dont really get any	0
Are you afraid of clowns?  nope	0
Are you afraid of heights?  Definantly not. Im a thrill seeker.	0
Are you afraid of snakes?  Nahhhh they're kinda neat to watch.	0
Are you always trying to learn new things?  yes.	0
Are you an ass? I am &amp; idgaf :D r  No I'm not. And personally  I don't think it's a quality that you should be so proud of...? Be nice. :)	0
Are you awaiting piercings/tattoos?  Not currently.	0
Are you barefooted right now?  Yes :)	0
are you better today than you are yesterday?  No worse. I woke up with a stuffy nose :[	0
Are you carrying any grudges?  not at the time	0
are you currently taken?  Shore am :] Timothy Carson.	0
Are you currently wanting any piercings or tattoos?  Nahh	0
Are you double jointed?  nopee	0
Are you due sometime this year for a doctor's visit?  yes actually. my yearly female doc's visit. this tuesday.. haha	0
Are you easily offended?  nahh	0
Are you easily persuaded in an argument?  Not at all	0
Are you eating anything right now?  Nope. drinkin water.	0
Are you frightened of spiders?  not too much. used to be when i was little	0
Are you gonna watch the world cup?  You know it :]	0
Are you good at giving directions?  Yes i think so ;)	0
Are you happy with your life right now?  not currently	0
Are you happy?  Happiness is too complicated to say yes or no. I like to think so.	0
are you in college? what course are you taking?  Not currently. And im in nursing school. on a waiting list to be exact :0	0
Are you involved romantically with anyone right now?:  yes	0
Are you listening to any music right now?  If so  what is it?  Yes. Paramore :]	0
are you loud or quite?  I can be both at times. I usually talk to no end. But theres always a time and a place to be social or to jjust be quite.	0
Are you more of a proton or a neutron?  Proton definantly. Positive polly yes i am :]	0
Are you nice to people you dislike?  Yes. Karma :]	0
Are you obsessed with shiny things?:  I like them. How'd you know?	0
Are you one of those people that doesnu2019t like chocolate?  Yes as a matter of fact. why does that make me a ;one of those people;??	0
Are you passionate about your beliefs?  Y E S	0
Are you picky about spelling and grammar?  when it matters	0
Are you picky about spelling and grammar?  Yes. When its nescessary	0
Are you quick to take medicine or more likely to wait it out?  more likely to wait it out.	0
Are you random or predictable? Why do you think you are this way? Would you rather be the other way?  random. because live would be boring if i weren't :) and no i wouldnt because i like how i am . every part of me :)	0
Are you scared to lose the person you fell the hardest for? Are you still with this person or have you already lost them?  Yes. im with them now	0
Are you shy around the opposite sex?  not at all	0
are you sick of hearing about michael jackson yet?  Haha I don't really hear much about him anymore. But I respect him as an artist. A person  he may have been a little off his rocker but as an artist. Mass respect :]	0
Are you silly or serious?  silly usually. not serious but lately i have been	0
Are you so in love with yourself?  nahhh not really	0
Are you someone's best friend?  Yes. I like to think so.	0
Are you still shy to talk about sex??  Nope. What'd ya mean Still shy?	0
Are you stubborn?  very much so when it comes to things i believe in or think i should stand up for..	0
are you studying or working?  Studying to be a nurse. Working to save the world with kindness <3	0
Are you telling the truth if you lie in bed?  your good. haha	0
are you the ideal person that you want to be? if not  what would you do to about it?  Yes I believe so. I try to be kind to everyone and make the world a little bit better somehow :]	0
Are you the kind of friend that you would want to have as a friend?  Definantly. I just haven't found anyone like me.	0
are you the person you want to be?  Most of the time :]	0
are you the person you want to be?  Most of the time. Sometimes I wish I could be more for others but At the time  My hands are tied with money and trying to get ahead.	0
Are you vain?  No. I tend to feel a self-importance but it's certianly not fake. I don't believe so :]	0
Are you vegetarian?  Nope. I don't eat much meat actually but I don't think I need to label myself to eat what I want when I want it. lol. I lovee me some veggies <3	0
Are you willing to travel for your dream job?  yes.	0
are you working?  Not currently. :/	0
Are your days full and fastu2013paced?  they used to be and i like them to be that way but any more with timothy in my life they arent	0
Are your dreams mostly sweet or bad?  weird. not sweet but not really bad. just weird...like putting potatoes in the refriderator or thinkin the world is ending and im dancing in weird clothes or jumping around yelling in public. hahaha so weird. i know.	0
are your parents on facebook?  Nope.	0
Are your underwear and socks folded in your drawer or just thrown in?  folded	0
Are your underwear and socks folded in your drawer or just thrown in?  FOldeD.	0
Are yu shy when yu first meet people or are yu the one who always sparks up the conversation ?  It really depends on my mood and the type of people im around. Im very good at starting conversations but if Im around someone else thats doing a lot of talking  I may just be a bit backwards cause I don't like to steal the light :)	0
as a kid did you have a collection of anything? (Shayla's pawpaw buys her a kids Harley shirt from every store he stops at.)  I collected beanie babies when i was younger :) loved them had cases for them and everything!!	0
as soon as you turned on your computer  what website do you go to first?  well today it was formspring but usually facebook	0
aww coolr yew seem cool  Thnks :]	0
Be honest: Do you have a song by Ozzy Osbourne in your library?  Nope.	0
BEAUTIFUL background! Shay agrees! :D r What's your worst habit?  Haha thanks lady. r Worst habit: giving everyone the benefit of the doubt.	0
Beetles taste like apples. Do you still like apples?  Lovee them! I wanna taste a beetle then.	0
Being an atheist means we dont need to believe. We choose to believe either because their is no proof or because god has done nothing for us. We may not believe in god but we do believe there is good reason to not believe he exists.  No. Being Atheist is someone who denies the existence of God. Period. And you asked my opinion so please don't argue my opinion about something I don't personally care about anyways. If you want to be athiest  then be it. If you don't  then don't. I don't care. r Its your life.	0
besides english what other languages can you speak?  spanish	0
besides the country where you currently live  which country you want to spend the rest of your life?  america is where i want to spend the rest of my life. but i wouldnt mind living in the phillipines for a while  backpack in the european countries for a year or so and then travel around to the southern america countries like peru and aruba to see mayan ruins and jungleness :D I have plenty of place i want to see. Egypt. Bangkok. Paris.	0
Between a man and a woman  who cheats more? why?  Idk I think it swings both ways pretty strongly. The human race is never satisfied and I believe that both sexes have the tendencey to cheat. At all ages and for all reasons.	0
boxers or briefs... or boxer briefs lol  I wear undies dude. hahaha	0
Bright room or dark room?  Dark. I am a vampire. I am a vampire.	0
Bugs Bunny or Mickey Mouse?  Whats up doc?	0
Camping with a ton of friends or hotel with a few friends?  Camping!! :]	0
Can bald men get lice?  nope	0
Can crop circles be square?  yes. if square aliens came to see us. hahaha or if the tractors would get more creative..one of the two! :)	0
can i get a encore? do you want more?  encore! encore! suree hahaha	0
can i smell ur feet  Nopee mr anonymouser.	0
Can someone honestly be thinking about nothing? (I don't think it's possible BUT that could just be me.)  Sometimes if your daydreaming but then your daydreaming so its not nothing..haha	0
can u name an animal that is orange?  yes  i just cant spell it. lol r orangatang? hahahahha	0
Can we be in two places at once?  Yes. Standing over the border line. Ive been in Ohio and indiana at the same time :)	0
can you cook?  Can you see the moon at night? Sometimes :) hahha	0
Can you cross your eyes?  yes but i dont like to. i have this crazy fear of thinking if i just do it one more time my eyes will be stuck like that and i should lf just been satisfied with knowing i did it the last time. hahaha im a weirdo. but ya never know' ya know?!!	0
Can you do a cartwheel?  Yes i just did one the other day. haha	0
Can you do push ups?  yup sure can :)	0
Can you draw pictures well?  I love to draw. I took 3 years of Studio Art in HS and you had to turn in a portfolio to get in the class.. ;)	0
Can you drive a manual shift vehicle?  no. i suck.	0
Can you drive a motorcycle?  in my head :]	0
Can you go underwater without holding your nose?  yes! haha neat trait of mine.. i can plug my nose with my lips :]	0
Can you name one person who has the same first and last initials as you?  Thomas Gibson. He's an actor.	0
can you pls ask me some questions? :)  Shore I'd be happy too!!!! :)	0
Can you ride a horse?  I have before. but its been a while. I can do anything :)	0
Can you roll your tongue?  Yes. and do the fourleaf clover thing :)	0
can you see my halo?  nahh	0
Can you skip rocks?  I am the master at skippping rocks!	0
Can you sleep in jeans?  I can sleep in anything when im really tired lol	0
Can you sometimes finish someone else's sentence?  yes. my sister. all the time	0
Can you tell if someone is lying to you?  Usually I can.	0
Can you tie your shoes more than one way?  yeah if i tried.	0
Cheesecake or brownies?  You can only pick one to have for the rest of your life.  cheesecake. hmmmm yes cheesecake. raspberry swirl cheesecake ;)	0
Cheetos or Fritos?  Cheetos!!! Soo cheeseyyy :)	0
Chocolate or vanilla?  vanilla.	0
choose: be cross-eyed person or be a cripple?  cross eyed haha	0
Christina Aguilera or Lady Gaga?  Christina always.	0
Cleveland  not bad haha	0
close your eyes and count until 10 NOW.       what went through your mind? be honest  Well that wasn't fair because I was eating while reading this question  so when I closed my eyes... I just thought about how awesome this sandwiche is tasting hahahaha yum. :)	0
comedy or horror movies?  comedy	0
Concert you went to that you will never forget?  carrie underwood concert. it was awesome :]	0
cooool riddleee! :Dr did you gooogleeee it to find it or.....? :)  yes. haha	0
Could you  would you eat a caterpillar?  yes if i was starving. theyre filled with lots of juicy vitamins.	0
Could you ever shoot someone if they were trying to kill you?  possibly	0
Could you go out in public looking like you do now?  Most definantly. Im in gym shorts and a tank. no makeup and ready to run :] hahaha but unfortunately formspring is keeping me inside! hahahaha	0
Could you visit and comment?/u00bfPodru00edais visitar mi blog?  u00bfquu00e9 os parece? http://contandolospetalos.blogspot.com/  .	0
Current worry?  how to survive in this crazy khaos of a world i live in.	0
Current worry?  money. like always	0
Cute default.  Thank you lady :]	0
define what a bitch is haha  well its real meaning is a female dog. :) ahhahar but I would define it as:r An inconsiderate person that doesn't care what people think nor if or how they hurt another persons feelings. Someone who is usually insecure of themselves and have to put other people down to make themselves feel better about ones self. hahaha	0
Describe the perfect guy.  I have him. My Timmy :]r He's super in everyway possible. Sweet and sensitive enough to understand but hard and can stand his ground when it comes down to it. A little over protective but only enough to show that he truly cares. He brings flowers home for me being his girlfriend day! :] If I want anything he'd get it but knows I have everything I want. Compassionate and caring and loves everything that I do. He enjoys all the same foods as I do and is open to exploring new boundaries he's never expierenced. Ohh and He let's me be crazy about things that Im so passionate about  that most guys would laugh at and make fun of. Recycling  planting flowers and smiling at people just because I want to make their day! :] He's perfect for me. He understands me in every aspect a man could. Hes sweet enough to damper my attitude and sarcasm at times but bullheaded enough to not always give in to me. Lets me whine if I want attention and holds me more than I could ever want to be held. I love him. And for me  hes my perfet guy! <3r Ohh and he's a super sexxy stud :] of course.	0
Describe your first REAL date?  HMM..REAL? I guess it was in 8th grade. my first date  movie date with another guy and two other couples. haha if that's what you call 8th graders dating. Anyway we all went to see a movie..i dont remember what the movie was but it was all awkwardness and trying to be older than we were. I remember keeping my hand still for the entire movie while he held it  and my hand was numb tingling and was trying to go to sleep the entire time. It was rediculous thinking about it now..hahahha	0
describe your perfect day  Sunshine. Lots of food and hanging with my boyfriend and family :]r Awesomeness.	0
describe yourself in 3 words.  (right now) hungry  sick  tired.r [always] happy  selfless  trusting.	0
Describe yourself in a single sentence  I'm a blunt and funny dancing alien that doesn't care what anyone thinks and loves to have fun. ;]	0
did he ever smell ur feet  he has actually. and i thought if we were ggoing to keep conversating you would reveal your anonymousness. you know you asked buncha ppl bout their feet..lol	0
did timmy have fun?  He says he did :] haha	0
Did watch heroes? Who was your favorite character? What was your favorite power?  robin in batman. i thought robin was the best and thought he should be the star!! hahah and my favorite power was..? hmm..well i guess spidermans powers. he is sick. haha	0
did you ;celebrate; 4/20.?r lol  Nopee. Its been a while actually lol	0
Did you believe in the tooth fairy?  yeshh :)	0
Did you do any school shopping yet?  No school for me	0
Did you ever get in trouble for talking in class?  sometimes	0
Did you ever go to a summer camp?  church camp once. it was fun but we got kicked out.	0
Did you ever have a crush you never acted on?  yes.	0
Did you ever have a embarrassing moment at school?  not really	0
Did you ever play duck duck goose as a child?  yes of course!	0
did you get all my questions? cause I've been flooding you for the past few days..  Yes. and Yes. hahah Ive been answering questions forever and still have like 450 questions. I feel like im never going to get through them all. Im trying though!! Sorry I hadn't gotten on here for a couple weeks. Big mistake. I have like two other spammers that killed my inbox so im still trying to catch up. :]	0
Did you have a good day ??  yes i did :)	0
did you have fun this weekend??? :)  MOst dEfinAntly. <3	0
did you help someone today?  Not today. I havent even been out of the house.haha	0
did you know gaga was on an episode of mtvs boiling point?  no i didn't actually	0
Did you know gullible was written on the ceiling?  haha. does that really work on people? i am gullible at times but really?	0
Did you make fun of people in school?  Not at all	0
did you remember to get those rings and earrings off my dresser?? :)  Yes ma'am :] thank you lady.	0
Did you still want the same job you did when you were a kid?  yes.	0
Did you talk to someone until you fell asleep last night?  Nope.	0
did you wink at all today? to who?  nope. but i wink at timmy sometimes :]	0
Did/do you listen to your parents?  I had to listen to my parents. Not listening wasn't an option but once I got older and moved out now i take their advice with a grain of salt and do what i want :)	0
Do any of your close friends have children?  My best friend is married to a guy that has a little 2 year old girl	0
Do any of your friends have children?  yes	0
Do any of your friends have children?  yes they do	0
do cats have psychic powers to control babys minds and tell them to take over the bahamas and control the worlds supply of milk?  Hmmm perhaps?	0
Do certain peoples lives have certain worth to you? Such as a prostiture  a killers...ect.  well rapists i think deserve what they do..its a touchy subject	0
do humming birds hum because they dont know the words  yes. they love to buzz.	0
Do more people know u by a nickname or by your first name?  first.	0
do people in australia call the rest of the world up over?  idk?	0
Do peoples words bother you?  sometimes when theyre trying to be gangsta or ignorant	0
Do strangers try to talk to you too? (One old drunk dude just struck up a convo with Xen at the store.)  yes. and its a little creepy	0
Do the Alphabet song and Twinkle  Twinkle Little Star have the same tune?  Yes i believe so	0
do the makers of Friendster uses Facebook? =)  i have no idea? hahaha	0
Do u have a gag reflex?  Do you have a name?	1
do wear Vans ? the shoes .  No but not because I don't like them  I just think their overated. I have a pair of shoestringless nike that I rock :) their sweet cause they loook like gym shoes but their slip on and offs! lovee em.	0
do you  play an instrument ?  i can play a little guitar and learning the violin	0
do you also like diary of a wimpy kid??  haha my brother does! I think its funny	0
do you always trust your instinct?  usually	0
do you always wear your watch?  I never wear a watch. i dont like time.	0
Do you and Timmy have a KI pass? :D  Not yet ;] Sure hope so here soon!! :D	0
Do you answer phone calls when you don't know the number?  NOpE	0
Do you ask questions that sometimes you really don't want the answer too?  no.	0
Do you believe honesty is the best policy?  yes for most	0
Do you believe in aliens?  Yes I do.	0
Do you believe in angels and demons  yes i think so	0
Do you believe in fate?  No. Only because if it were up to fate then noone truly has any choices in life. And well i don't like to be told what to do. I like making my own mind up! :]	0
Do you believe in Karma and Destiny?  Karma YES. Destiny NO.	0
Do you believe in love?  I like to think so. :/	0
Do you believe in the quote ; I'll sleep when im dead''?  I guess. so	0
Do you believe sometimes in life you have to be selfish?  no.	0
Do you believe that everything happens for a reason?  Perhaps not a reason  but a purpose yes. :]	0
Do you believe that God has a gender?  no	0
Do you believe that the guy should pay on the first date?  Yes.	0
Do you bite your lip a lot?  nope not really  do you?	0
Do you bite your lip a lot?  Not really	0
do you buy things online?  not too often.	0
Do you chew on your pens or pencils?  No.. hate that.	0
Do you close your eyes when you sneeze?  i dont think so	0
Do you conform or make your own path?  make my own path. always. i like the untaken path.	0
Do you consider yourself an animal lover?  Not really but I do like animals. Just not to make love to them. ha	0
Do you consider yourself creative?  yes =D	0
Do you crack your knuckles?  used to don't anymore..	0
Do you cry often or keep it inside?  keep it inside. almost always	0
Do you cry often or keep it inside?  keep it inside. always	0
do you cuss?  Sometimes I do. Its usually when I stub my toe or are talking really passionately about something when Im mad or irrated. I think its really more a way to make yourself look unintelligent. Most people that do often or like in every sentence just don't have anything better to say..haha just my opinion.	0
Do you dance in the shower?  nope	0
Do you dance in the shower?  Not in the shower but i do in the stand up tanning beds hahahha	0
Do you daydream sometimes? What do you often daydream about?  Yes and its never things I can remember. I just daze off lol	0
Do you de-label your beer bottles?  nahh	0
Do you do what needs to be done regardless of the consequences  yes.	0
Do you do your own dishes?  have to	0
Do you dream in color?  sometimes.	0
Do you eat a lot?:  Lots :) show your face.	0
Do you eat all the servings in the food groups on a daily basis?  most of the time	0
Do you eat any weird mixture of foods?  yes.	0
Do you eat breakfast daily?  i try to	0
Do you eat cheeseburgers?  not really	0
Do you eat jello when you are sick?  Yes I have actually.	0
Do you enjoy giving hugs?  no but i should more often im sure	0
Do you enjoy going shopping? If so what type of things do you enjoy buying?  yes but i dont much anymore..... things for others is most fun!	0
Do you ever count your steps when you walk?  Any time i think about doin that i forget im counting and then by the time i get to the end im like dang it!! haha	0
Do you ever go bird watching?  I do bird watch actually	0
Do you ever take medication to help you fall asleep faster?  nope	0
Do you ever think humans will be satisfied?  N E V E R.	0
do you ever think of an amazing song from the 80s or 90s or something and wonder if it would still be big if it was released now for the first time?  Yes. And im sure there are tons that soo could.	0
Do you ever think of becoming a model?  yes	0
Do you ever think of crazy things in you're head that probably wont happen?  Yes. all the time :)	0
Do you ever think you smile too little?  not at all!!! I smile too much	0
Do you ever try to impose your beliefs on others?  Not really only for conversation.	0
Do you ever watch soap operas?  used to with my ma. general hospital is the shiz :]	0
Do you excercise regularly? If so  how often?  no i should but i do yoga a bit so twice a week?	0
Do you fall asleep during the day and cannot sleep at night?  sometimes. i did that a lot when i was sick this past wk	0
Do you fall for Internet advertisements?:  show your face	0
Do you fear or respect the law more..why do you say that?  Fear. Only because of the corruptness of it all.	0
Do you fear something you honestly have no reason to fear?  I dont think so :/	0
Do you feel that children should be sheltered from unhappiness?  nop.e	0
Do you feel under appreciated?  yes	0
Do you feel weird being around people you do not know?  not really . I like meeting new people	0
Do you find the opposite sex confusing?  Yes. very sometimes.	0
Do you generally believe people when they telly ou sorry? Or do you question it?  No. Usually question it. cause most people that say sorry are only saying it. its a word. it mearly has no meaning and therefore to me  seizes existence.	0
Do you get along better with the same or opposite sex?  opposite.	0
Do you get along with argumentative people?  not really being that i am one as well.	0
Do you get annoyed when other people display bad manners?  yeeah	0
Do you get annoyed when someone cuts in front of you when you are waiting in line?  Yes.	0
Do you get cold sores often?:  Nope. Show your face? why dont you?	0
Do you get distracted easily?  very much so!	0
Do you get excited over cameras?:  I love cameras. Show your face yooo	0
Do you get mad when people lie to you?  If I care about the person lying to me..	0
Do you get nervous before doctor appointments?  nope	0
Do you get nervous when alot of people look at you?  not at all :) look away haha	0
Do you get upset easily?  not too easy.	0
Do you give it up easy? As in sex wise :|  Or do you play hard to get it?  No. Im with my first and am gladly in love with him-r HARD TO GET is always BETTER! :)	0
Do you give out second chances too easily?  Wayyyy tooooo easilyyyyyyy!	0
Do you give smart ass  answers to questiosn or answer them with a good answer?  depends on the question really but both :)	0
do you go buy your first name or by your middle name?  First.	0
do you go to church regularly?  Not currently. Used to..	0
Do you guys like robot chicken? i do;) asked  idk	0
Do you hate being alone?  Home alone  yes.	0
Do you hate the last guy/girl you were talking to?  Nahh hates a strong word.	0
Do you have a calendar from 2001 hanging in your room?:  no. haha Show YOUR FAce.	0
Do you have a calender in your room?  nope	0
Do you have a cellphone or iPod with a patterened cover?  no	0
Do you have a distinct smell?:  i think everyone does	0
Do you have a favorite Beatles song?  Hmm I love the beatles :]	0
Do you have a favorite Jim Carrey movie?  He's not really one of my favorites. But i likes MASK.	0
Do you have a fetish?  not really	0
do you have a pair of underwear that consistently gives you a wedgie  yet you still wear them?  Only thongs. And honestly I never understood why women wear them because they are literally the most uncomfortable things to wear. I feel like my asscheeks have no underwire like a bra. haha its hard to explain. r But now I wear them because they make me feel sexy. So if Im in a spicy mood I wear them :)	0
Do you have a secret that no one knows but you?  doesnt everyone..	0
Do you have a song stuck in your head right now?  Janet son of a gun. haha	0
Do you have a specific work-out routine?..if  not  how do you keep in shape? [mentally and physically  speaking].  I do yoga. :]	0
Do you have a T.V. in your bedroom?  Nope.	0
Do you have a tan?  I could have a better one. :(	0
Do you have a tattoo  where is it located and what does it stand for?  No  nowhere and nothing. haha	0
Do you have a twitching problem?:  No? haha show your face	0
Do you have A.D.D.?  not clinically but i think so sometiems hahhahha	0
Do you have an innie or an outtie?  innie.	0
Do you have any concerns at this moment?  Nahhh. only that the occean is dispicably turning to oil at the rate of people saying ohh who really cares and the welfare of the creatures living in it is in our hands....not too much of a concern thooough...	0
do you have any fun summer plans?  Not really. I wanna go back to gatliburg..i gotta necklace from one of the gem places up in the mountians and the head on the necklace broke. so i wanna get it fixed. :] haha but other than that. the beach would be nice but were tyring to get a house around here so idk if money will work.	0
Do you have any health problems?  Not that im aware of thankfully	0
Do you have any jewelery on?  a hemp bracelet my sister made me on my left wrist and my two favorite rings :]r Earrings too...lets count  8 others :)	0
Do you have any magazine subscriptions?  Nope	0
Do you have any phobias? If so  what are they?  Not really that i can think of.	0
Do you have any tattoos?  If not  any plans to get one?  nope. and i wanted one but now idk cause i just dont think id be happy in a few years so oh well.. ill prolly never get any but i like it that way	0
Do you have any weird habits?  I like to brush my teeth in the shower :)	0
do you have classes? what's your favorite subject?  Not currently. Im on a waiting list and I really enjoyed microbiology :)	0
Do you have dreams about becoming famous?:  nahhh	0
Do you have one or more Britney Spears C.D.?  All three babay :)	0
do you have twitter? =)  NOpe. I used to but then i deleted it because i liked formspring more and didn't have many followers on it.	0
Do you have two formsprings me? Because I'm following a different account and it's still you? Haha  Yeah i made my first one. and forgot the password to it!!!!! haha so i had to make a new one. it sucked but at least it was farely new to me. teaachgee is the right one!! :)	0
Do you have your own bank account?:  mes  they can be fun	0
Do you have your own vehicle?  yes. Silver sunfire. 2000	0
do you have your twitter account?  I did. And then realized I dont get on my account enough to follow a bazillion people and keep them all posted up on my life. So I deleted it. r So Im sticking with formspring :]	0
Do you ignore people when you're mad/upset with them?  I like to walk away from a situation yes. before it escalades and things are said and felt that aren't needed.	0
Do you judge people on what they look like?  Negative. I think we as humans all tend to sometimes but its all in unintentional purpose. So I try not too :)	0
Do you know a alcoholic?  nahh	0
Do you know a drug addict?  yes	0
Do you know any mechanical stuff about cars?  I know how to change a tire  change my oil  what most parts of the car and motor is. I can put all liquids in my motor :] and I soo have my own jumpers haha	0
Do you know anyone in prison?  Lil wayne	0
Do you know anyone who has broken their thigh bone? Did you know the thigh bone is stronger then concrete?  No I don't know anyone and yes I did know that.	0
Do you know anyone who keeps their dog in their house?  yes. tims dad	0
Do you know anyone who was adopted as a child?  Not to my knowledge.	0
Do you know anyone with a mental problem?  yes. many people. i work with alot of the mentally handicapped	0
Do you know April?  She's my sister :]	0
Do you know how much a peso would be worth in the United States today?  ..	0
Do you know how to change a tire? Change oil? Change a spark plug?  Yes. yes. and i have the idea of it. as long as i have the paper thatt tells me which numbered spark plug goes where..i could do it :)	0
Do you know how to knit?  yes	0
Do you know how to play poker?  i wish i did.	0
do you know how to speak korean?  Nope. I know a little thai and some spanish. haha go figure.Im seriously the whitest korean chick you'd ever meet :]	0
Do you know karate?  i wish. hhhhhighhhhyeaaaahhhh!	0
Do you know what boricua/moricua/morena mean?:  no	0
Do you know what dog treats taste like?  nope but i can imagine	0
Do you know where your Dad was born?  ohio	0
Do you learn the easy way or the hard way?  hard. seems like with everything. ughh ha	0
Do you leave voice messages?  yes :) happy ones. but not to my bf because he wont check them. so he doesnt get the pleasure of recieving funny and nice and amazing messages from me. Mostly just to my sister and back :)	0
Do you like Alice in Wonderland? :)  Not really the second one so much. It had some good underlying morals and all but the movie itself drug on and on i thought.	0
Do you like beef jerky?  LOVE IT	0
Do you like blue cheese?  only in burgers.	0
Do you like broccoli?  L O V E broccoli. cheesey broccoli hahaha	0
Do you like candy necklaces?  They're okay. i haven't seen them in a long time :/	0
Do you like Care Bears?  NO.	0
Do you like carrots?  Yeshhh	0
do you like cats?  Nope. Not a cat person.	0
do you like dogs? do you have one?  I love doggies :) and not right now. at my parents i do. if that still counts when you no longer live with them. but yes :) they are bull mastiffs. pure bred. akc registered. sweet looking dogs. :) haha	0
Do you like hot or cold showers?  hot but sometimes i like cold. depends on the mood i guess	0
Do you like hugging people when you meet them or are you uncomfortable doing this?  not really when i first meet them	0
Do you like it when people just randomly come over?  yes.	0
Do you like ketchup but hate tomatoes?  nope. i love tomatoes!	0
Do you like ketchup?  Love it :]	0
Do you like Kool-Aid?  not fruit punch. blahhh	0
do you like lady gaga?  Papapapapa shore do :] haha r I like any thing i can do the robot to haha	0
Do you like mustard?  love it	0
Do you like nachos?  Love them> i love cheese.	0
do you like politics?  Do I like them  No. Do I think they have a big part in society  yes. So I take part in them. In america  the government is the people. So why do people say they hate politics?r It can make a great conversation sometimes lol	0
Do you like predictive text?  yes i do haha	0
do you like riding the roller coaster?  I love roller coasters!! :]	0
Do you like shopping for new clothes?  Love it but I don't it too much currently	0
do you like skittles?  LOVE THEM :]	0
Do you like the movie Chronicles of Narnia?  Yes. Love the creativity.	0
Do you like the smell of cigarettes?  Noooo.	0
Do you like the smell of weed?  yes. I think it should be made into a cologne/	0
do you like the sound of the wind chimes?  yes I do :) its calming haha	0
Do you like this dress I ordered earlier? http://www.topshop.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/ProductDisplay?beginIndex=20&amp;viewAllFlag=false&amp;catalogId=19551&amp;storeId=12556&amp;categoryId=160952&amp;parent_category_rn=42344&amp;productId=1762331&amp;langId=-1  prettttty	0
Do you like to go out in the rain?  Rain doesn't bother me at all other than when Im dressed up and have to be somewhere important. Rain is important.	0
Do you like to touch sharp objects?:  No? show your face.	0
Do you like to travel by airplane?  never been on a plane :(	0
Do you like Tom Cruise movies?  like his movies. dont like him.	0
Do you like traveling? How often do you think you ride in a car?  yes!!!!!!!!    i dont much now but i like to travel	0
Do you like Vitamin Water?  No. Its not as good for you as ;they; say. Water is best for me :]	0
Do you like wild parties with lots of people?:  somet	0
Do you like your living arrangement?  not really	0
Do you like your name?  yep	0
do you like your name?  Yes i suppose.	0
Do you likee chicks?  Like  like women? No. Like  baby chickens? yess :]	0
Do you listen to christian rock?  sometimes i do	0
Do you listen to music depending on what mood you are in or does music make your mood?  Okay so i copied and pasted for you. and yes to both questions :]r r Everything!!! seriously.r But when im sad. Ah me by griffen house  I love ADTR &amp; Emarosa any time of the day  anything I can do the robot to and Emmure when Im feeling thrashin :] ha. Ohh and i like instrumental music. Underoaths cd of violins is my all time favorite <3	0
Do you listen to music every day?  Yes i do!	0
do you listen to your mom??  sometimes :) i like her opinion.	0
Do you live in China?  Nope. Ohio :]	0
Do you loan people money?  too much sometimes.	0
Do you look for quality or quantity?  qualtily :) of course.	0
Do you look forward to sleeping?  Only if i've had a bad day.	0
Do you love to party?  Nahh	0
Do you make the jokes or laugh at them?  both. but usuallly make them	0
Do you make your bed daily?  nope	0
Do you miss your past?  I miss being a kid. yes.	0
Do you miss your past?  I miss being a kid. Yes.	0
do you missed formspring? =)  I did. but now im overwelmed with questions hahah thanks to you! :]	0
Do you over think or under think?  over think on whats not needed and i seem to underthink on what needs the most thinking.	0
Do you own a bathrobe?  No	0
Do you own a graphing calculator?  yes when i was in hs	0
Do you own a gun? Or would you ever? Why?  No I dont/ My bf does. and yes if i could or had the extra money too have one i would  i'd like to take a gun class as well. just to shoot one. r Because you never know when you'll need to defend yourself. zombies are cruel. hahaa and there's a buncha crazies out there. ya just never know and being prepared isn't half bad anymore....	0
Do you own a pair of dice?  noo	0
Do you own a striped sweater?  i may	0
Do you own any band tu2013shirts?  yes. emery. emarosa. all the day holiday	0
Do you own any game consoles?  Nope. I like games but i dont own any of my own. Usually don't have time for them	0
Do you own anything leopard print?  a thong	0
Do you own anything that involves with Betty boop?  No lol thats funny :)	0
Do you own shirts with funny sayings on them? If so  which is your favorite?  not really	0
Do you own slippers?  nope	0
Do you pay attention to calories on the back of packages?  not really	0
Do you prefer Chinese or Mexican?  MMMMHHHMMM i love chinese and mexican. haha	0
Do you prefer hot coffee  iced coffee  or neither?  Hot coffee  iced coffee!! :] haha	0
Do you prefer regular or chocolate milk?  neither. im not a milk fan.	0
Do you prefer Scary movies or comedy movies?  comedy	0
Do you prefer tape or a stapler?  tape. duck tape	0
Do you prefer to ask question or answer them? why do you think this is?  both :)	0
Do you prefer to be blissfully unaware? Or know what going on though it may hurt to know?  know whats going on because then it was MY CHOICE to be hurt.	0
Do you prefer to work independently or on a team?  independently	0
Do you put anything on your spaghetti Bolognaise?  I dk what spaghetti bolognaise is? haha enlighten me????	0
Do you put cheese on your spaghetti?  yes i love cheese.	0
do you put on make up everyday?  Not everyday. Usually when I wanna pretty or im going out for something special :)	0
Do you put up Christmas lights at Christmas time?  Yes. i love decorating	0
Do you randomly bust out singing when you hear a song playing somewhere?  not too often unless im in the car	0
Do you read trashy romance novels often?  nope	0
Do you really  truly miss someone right now?  Not really	0
Do you really care what people think about you? If so  why?  Nahh because If i cared what others thought about me i would never get to think about what i care about. Caring about what others think is a waste of all time in my opinion. Its my life. Ill live it the way I want	0
Do you recycle?  yes! everyone should RECYCLE.	0
Do you regularly watch the news?  no but i get online a lot	0
Do you say I Love You to your friends all the time?:  every now and then	0
Do you scream on rollercoasters?  have too! :) it makes it so much more fun.	0
Do you shower in the morning or at night before bed?  at night. i like to climb into bed clean :)	0
Do you shower in the morning or at night before bed?  repeat	0
Do you shrug it off or cry for hours?  Shrug it off. :] haha no time to deal with petty bullshiz.	0
Do you sing in the car?  A L W A Y S : ]	0
Do you sleep with noise or in complete silence?  complete silence and all darkness.	0
Do you sleep with your closet doors open or closed?  Closed usually	0
Do you snore or Steal the covers or Roll around in your sleep?  I snore sometimes so im told . and nahh i lay pretty still when it comes to sleep. I sleep like a log. ha	0
do you sometimes ask God why things happen to you?  Nahhh. Things always have a purpose. :]	0
do you still believe to the race concept? like asian black and white are different type of races? or you prefer to use the term ethnic group?  I don't really think much about it honestly. race  ethnicity  differences  color...its all the same meaning to me. :] we're all different.	0
Do you swear when youu2019re mad?  Nope	0
Do you take a lot of pictures?  lots and lots	0
Do you take any dare?  Dare me :)	0
Do you take life too seriously or not serious enough?  i think serious enough	0
Do you take work home with you?  No	0
Do you take your daily vitamins?  yes :]	0
do you talk more?  i like to talk  yes.	0
Do you tell a person if you see they have toilet paper stuck on their shoe?  Yes!? Wouldn't you. hahahhaha	0
Do you think Christmas is stressful?  Nothing like that should be stressful. It should be fun. When it becomes stressful  that's when you know you've lost sight of the true meaning of christmas!! think about it people.	0
Do you think demons are real?  Ehh maybe.	0
Do you think famous people have the right to have a private life?  Yes I do. :]	0
do you think gays are more stylish than girls? why or why not?  yes i do only because women seem to have lost the want to look good for themselves anymore. so as much as gays sometimes over do it..gays vs girls...gays win	0
Do you think if we found another life form we'd try to kill it?  yes of course. definantly	0
Do you think if we knew how the world was going to end we'd go insane?  yes prolly	0
Do you think if your parents knew more about you they could relate better?  IDK. My parents are  okay let me restart..My mother is relentless. My Dad knows me quite well actually. My mother just doesn't like the thought of me having a mind and using it. Ha. its annoying but hey  its not like we can choose our parents.	0
Do you think it s sassy when people of the opposite sex swear every once in a while when they usually don't?:  i guess..	0
Do you think it's better to find love or let it find you?  let it find you. it will :]	0
Do you think it's okay for guys to wear pink?  Sometimes. but its usually gay ahha	0
Do you think it's okay for parents to push their beliefs on their children?  its okay unless it effects free will. but good morals and standards aren't bad to push on a child with no form or structure that needs it.	0
do you think its possible for a human to sleep with there eyes open?  It is possible actually. :]	0
do you think letting go means you love best?  Hmmm idk if i completely understand the question..	0
Do you think life is fair?  I dont. But what is complaining about it going to do?	0
Do you think parents are too hard on kids these days?  I don't think they're hard enough to be honest. Society wouldn't be the way it is if people would make they're kids have morals and standards. Aids is spreading at an unbelievable rate these days. Just sayin...	0
Do you think people are addicted to FS?  yes. like most websites i think people are addicted to having something to do :)	0
Do you think people end up warped if they are not loved as a child?  yes. but we end up warped in the end either way..	0
Do you think people really just to be understood by one another and accepted?  yes	0
Do you think people talk about you behind your back?  im sure. people find anyting to talk about for everyone.	0
Do you think people that are curious about when the world is going to end are morbid?  nahhh. they're just curious	0
Do you think psychics are real?  idk sometimes.	0
Do you think some questions will never be answered?  yes. duh? ha	0
Do you think that animals dream?  Yes.	0
Do you think that questioning things is healthy?  yes. i sure hope so. i feel like it works my brain and makes me think!! :)	0
Do you think that society has become emotionally detached?  Emotionally DEtached? yes. Society is cold.	0
Do you think we are raising the next generation right?  not at all.	0
Do you think we will always find a reason to go to war?  yes.	0
Do you think we will find another life form in your life time?  yes i do.	0
Do you think you could be deployed right now and be okay when you cam back? Regardless or age or sex.  no.	0
Do you think you could defend yourself if need be?  Oh Most Definantly.	0
Do you think you could survive being a prisoner or war(POW)?  idk. that'd be hard but i think so	0
Do you think you have habits that annoy other people?  im blunt. Hahhahaha	0
do you think you're fat?  Nope. Actually the science books with the weight chart says im obeist for my hieght  but they're crazy if I lost weight according to what I ;should be; i'd be skin and bones! I like a little fat on me hahaha	0
Do you think you've changed over the past year? Is it a good change or a bad change? Why do you feel that you changed or was it just something that happened that you weren't trying to do?  Good change definantly. and it was me and timothy getting together that really did it. straightened me out :) and him :]	0
do you think your photogenic?  Sometimes :]	0
do you think youre more serious or sarcastic?  SARCASTIC. :]	0
Do you toss and turn for hours at night or fall right to sleep?  Nope	0
Do you trust easily?  too easily	0
Do you volunteer for anything?  yes walks to raise money for cancer patients and I volunteer for adopt a highway! Gotta care about our mother earth :)	0
Do you wanna be my bestfriend? (last question) Spam back if you wanna lates!!!  Yes Sure. Why would you spam that? do you not have a bf?	0
Do you want someone you can't have?  nope.	0
Do you want to get married?  someday	0
do you want to see your real mom?  Nope.	0
Do you want to start over with anyone?  no again.	0
do you want to switch places with a male?  Nahh. I like being a female :]	0
Do you watch bugs crawl on the floor?:  Show your face.	0
Do you watch Family Guy regularly?  NO.	0
Do you watch the Gilmore Girls?  nope but the second to last gilmore girl just died. did ya knwo that	0
Do you wear a watch?  Nope  time is not of essence to me	0
Do you wear flipu2013flops even when it's cold outside?  sometimes.	0
Do you wear hoodies often?  during the winter i do.	0
Do you wear mental chains?  no. im told i have no filter between my mental and mouth. haha	0
Do you wish someone was with you right now?  Yeah im all alone currently waiting for timothy to get home. I miss him :(	0
Do you wish you were more fit?  im pretty fit :)	0
Do you/have  you ever watched Desperate Housewives?  nope	0
does any one say you look like a celebrity? if so who? do u think they're right?  nope.	0
Does anyone call you babe?  My baby. Timothy :]	0
does anyone sang you a song on public? if so  describe he did it  Nope. suree haven't.	0
Does being yelled at bother you? Do you yell back?  I yell back sometimes but i dont like to be yelled at	0
Does it annoy when people jock your shit?  yeah	0
Does it annoy you when people kiss in public?  Nahhhhh just when its like get a room suckin face all over the place touchy public kissing hah	0
Does it annoy you when someone says they'll call but never do?  if its someone that	0
Does it bother you that travesti immitate your favorite singers?  huh	0
Does it bother you when people ask you questions and the answer is in your bio?  nahhh.	0
Does it bother you when people curse at you?  nahhh	0
Does it bother you when people try to make you jealous?  yes. only because it's petty highschool crap thats annoying and not needed. haha	0
Does it bother you when someone says they'll call you and they don't?  Sometimes if im looking forward to gettin the call from that particular person.	0
Does smoking bother you?  yes	0
Does the flash on the camera blind you too?  not too bad usually	0
Does your closest Starbucks have a driveu2013thru?  idk i dont do starbucks	0
Does your school have dry erase board or chalk boards?  dry erase.	0
DoIhKnowYuh?r AndYuhrLike...SpammingMyFS.  Nope. and yeah i think thats what they call it?	0
Don't you hate how greasy chips are?  yes. i dont eat them. haha	0
Don't you hate it when people lie to you about coming over?  nahh i dont think ive ever had someone lie to me about coming over? ha	0
Don't you just hate it when you can't find a decent working pen especially when you need to write something important? ^_^  YES!~!!!!	0
Done spamming for now. Leave me things? Hint  hint  wink  wink  say no more? LMAO! <3  kkkk	0
Dont you hate when they fucken yell at you for not texting back? lol i do!!!  yes	0
Earphones or headphones?  headphones	0
Ello (:  Hayyy :]	0
emahsnouoy means shame on you spelled backwards.. I always hear it during debates haha. xD  Nice :)	0
Enlighten me....  okayyy	0
ever been high/drunk?  Both. :]	0
ever been to the derby?  Sure have. :)	0
Ever come close to death?  couple times. car accident that sent me across three lanes of traffic in heavy rain  spinning. not one car hit me. it was crazy	0
Ever done something you're embaresed about ??  nope.	0
Ever dropped a cell phone?  more than ever	0
Ever fell for the same guy more than once?  Nope.	0
Ever felt that no one relates to you?  Yes. All the time.	0
Ever gave a really long apology?  Yea	0
Ever looked at a guy and then checked out his Package ??  yes.	0
Ever seen a therapist?  nope. but sometimes I sure wish I had someone I could pour all my thoughts out too..	0
ever tought about going to the Moon or anouther Planet ??  yes. all the time.	0
ever tried an ouija board?  yup. have one	0
ever tried dancing in the rain?  yes. slow danced with my boyfriend :)	0
ever tried skinny dipping? with whom?  Yes. With my sister. haha we went night swimming in our pool in our backyard. Just so we could answer this question. ;]	0
Ever won a spelling bee?  nope	0
Ever wondered what it's like to be a piece of cheese?  no. but i bet its cheesey	0
Everyone should ask my best friend  A-Bizzle questions.  She doesn't have any followers!  :)  http://www.formspring.me/TheOnlyABizzle  For sureeee :]	0
ew you shat public? XD  You asked didnt you? I was like 12 and you gotta do what you gotta do yo> haha	0
Fav Fantisey ?? Doesn't have to be Sexual   do you want to rich or famous or just live on a deserted Island ?? Anything  to live on a deserted island with friends and family away from the world. money. selfishness. mean people. traffic. cliques. bad influences. annoying laws. limitations and live off of the land like an indian :) haha	0
fav outdoor activity?  right now...rollerblading :)	0
favorite animal?  dogs.	0
Favorite board game?  I really liked aggravation :)	0
Favorite board game?  twister.	0
Favorite boyu2019s name?  ember.	0
Favorite brand of clothes?  i dont do brands. i do the look. i like how it looks i buy it.	0
Favorite Christmas movie?  its a beautiful life.	0
favorite color?  purple. always	0
Favorite color?  PURPLE. not lavendar. Eukkkk. Deep dark sensational violet :)	0
Favorite daytime talk show host?  dont watch talk shows.	0
favorite dish  chicken veggie penne. Its amazingg :]	0
Favorite female comedian?  dont have one	0
favorite food when i's freezing cold?  ice cream!! haha	0
favorite food when it's sizzling hot?  hmm..popcicles. i dont eat much when its really hot outside.	0
favorite food?  Anything ethnic!!	0
Favorite Girlu2019s Name?  makenzie.	0
Favorite lyrics?  Umm i guess butterfly kisses :) that song always makes me happy	0
Favorite male comedian?  dane cook	0
Favorite movie based on celebrity life?  anything jennifer lopez haha	0
Favorite radio station?  currently i like the frequency 94.9	0
Favorite Sesame Street Character?  elmo. cause he laughs so much =D	0
Favorite SNL (Saturday Night Live) cast member ever?  you should ask my sister that. shes obsessed with SNL.r sweetiepie18 <------------- i have no idea. i dont watch it.	0
favorite song  You outta know by Alanis Morrissette ;]	0
favorite song?  if you wanna be my lover by spice girls :]	0
Favorite video game?  nazi zombies!!! on xbox	0
Favourite game?  Jumprope	0
Favourite movie of all time?  Sweet november. mr deeds haha	0
Favourite website on the net?  formspring. by far :]	0
follow :)  followed :]	0
followed! follow me also :)  Alllrighhhtyy. :]	0
For a million dollars  pounds or Euros (depending on the currencey you use) would you run around naked and into a church?  nope.	0
For all the people who read my blog  I've changed it/Para tod@s l@s que leu00e9is el blog  lo he cambiado (de aspecto  nombre y link  las historias son las mismas xD): http://perdidaentretuszapatos.blogspot.com/ (What do you think/u00bfQuu00e9 os parece?)  kkkkayy	0
For those who give a crap: I am nnot dead. I am alive. And recently found out I was pregnant. I will not be getting on here anymore. But please add me on Myspace. Links on my page.  OKay. Hope everything goes okay! :)	0
for you is it f.o.e or ;family over everything;?  family over everything	0
formspring.me/aleak    PLEASE!!!  formspring says oops! cant find you...sorry. i would. is your url correct??? :/	0
Fucken guys flirt with every bitch on here lol girls too  okay anonymouser???	0
funny background statement =>  hahaha thanks a ton. I laughed when I read it :]	0
funny you said you don't have many friends.. I think you'd make a good friend ;]  thanks :) i think you would too! I just dont because im not wrapped around the hs drama anymore. therefore im not in it..so oh well.	0
Girls: Have you evr queefed while having sex?  Guys: has your girl queefed?  My bros chick did &amp;&amp; he was lhfao!!!  Yes and don't be embarrassed. Its very very natural and the my guy likes it :]	0
Girls; Do you like how you look in a bathing suit? Guys; Do you like you chick in a one pieec or two piece?  Yes. :)	0
Girls; Have you ever had an accident while on the rag? Boys; Have you ever peed outside the toilet? (Yuck)  nope. ive been lucky	0
Go find buried treasure with me?  Of course. X marks the spot!!!!! Arrrg im soo ready :]	0
Good morning  sunshine! ^^   Good morning.	0
Good night every one ! ! Spam me and I will do the same ** kisses **  kkkkkk	0
Guys; why do you think girls pucker their lips in photos? Girls; why do you do this?  I think its because we like to see our lipgloss is poppin' hhaha idk to be honest. but im one of those girls :]	0
ha  yeah  cleveland rocks! where was your first kiss?  8th grade. Friday night football game with the first guy I ever liked. haha	0
haha i don't judge!  everyone judges. maybe not conciously but all humans unconciously judge even its only for a second. :] no worries i say i dont judge either. haha	0
Harry Potter or Lord of the Rings?  harry potter cause ive never seen the lord of the rings.	0
Has anyone ever asked you if you were shy?  No other than the most recent question about if I start conversations with ppl I just met. lol weird you ask. whyy?	0
Has anyone ever called you lazy?  yeah. my boo just did but only cause ive been laying around like a hermet crab sick as a dog for the last couple weeks.	0
Has anyone ever said something that brought tears to your eyes? Do you remember what they said? Who said it?  yes. and no sorry	0
Has anyone ever taken a picture of you while you were asleep?  yes	0
Has anyone pulled a prank on you while you were asleep?  Nope not that im aware of	0
Has anyone told you a secret this week?  No secrets for me this week :(	0
Has anyone told you a secret this week?  Nope im secretless.	0
Has it ever been hard for you to say ;I love you;?  No	0
Has you ever drawn on a drunk person?  no. i think its pretty lame and would be annoyed if it happened to me	0
Have any favourite quotes?  tonsss	0
Have any of you girls used the mens restroom before? Guys have you used the womens restroom? I saw a guy today going into the girls restroom cuz the mens was being cleaned lol!!! i was just like wtf?lol  Yes i have. lol	0
Have I asked enough questions or do you want more?  enough for now. im still trying to catch up	0
have u ever seen a falling star?  Yes actually i finally did. with timothy .	0
Have u evr listened 2 a song repeatedly just b/c it reminded u of ur crush?  noo	0
Have you been caught swearing by a teacher?  Nope i don't swear	0
Have you been in a serious fight?  Not fist fight. But a serious fight  yes. haven't we all? ha	0
Have you been in a wreck?  twice.	0
have you been out of counrty if so where?  Canada :]	0
have you been to any ocean park?  I don't know what an ocean park is.. but if it counts  I've went to seaworld twice :]	0
Have you bought any new clothing items this week?  Nooo unfortunately.	0
Have you done something bad today?  Not that I know of?	0
Have you ever asked someone out on a date?  Yes ma'am	0
Have you ever asked someone out on a date?  yes.	0
have you ever been an extra in a movie or commercial? have you ever done any time of modeling or print work?  No i havent' but i would love to be a zombie in a movie someday :P and yes i model a little bit here and there. havent lately much though :/	0
Have you ever been arrested?  Yes	0
Have you ever been ashamed to use your cellphone in public because it was so outdated?  nope. :)	0
Have you ever been beaten up?  nope	0
Have you ever been bitten by a dog?  nope. I love doggies	0
Have you ever been bitten by a spider? If yes  what happened?  yes and it got all swollen and red and blahhh lol	0
Have you ever been drunk?  yesh	0
Have you ever been French kissed by a dog?:  no	0
Have you ever been Ice Skating?  yes i love to skate all the time.	0
Have you ever been Ice Skating?  yes. love it	0
Have you ever been on the guestlist for any event?  yes actually :) you feel pretty awesomely special when your walking in. hahha	0
Have you ever been rude to someone without even realizing it?  Yes but I hate that so much. I  usually try to make up by saying something funny :)	0
have you ever been so drunk you dont remember what happened?  Nahh	0
Have you ever been to Hollywood  CA?  Nope not yet :)	0
Have you ever been to Jamaica?  no but i wanna	0
Have you ever been to Six Flags?  no but i so wanna go this year!	0
Have you ever been to South America or Africa?  no	0
Have you ever been to those cyber cafes to use the internet? How much they charge per hour? I did a long time ago &amp;&amp; its 3 dollar an hour!!!  nope	0
have you ever been turnt up?  Whats turnt up?	0
Have you ever bid for something on ebay?  yes my camera i have now	0
Have you ever blamed someone else after passing gas?  nope. i love to claim it :)	0
Have you ever bowled a strike?  yes! :)	0
Have you ever cheated during a game?  during a game? i think maybe during heads up seven up. haha i used to watch peoples shoes.	0
Have you ever cheated in a relationship?  nope never. would never.	0
Have you ever collected stickers that are on fruits?  nope.	0
Have you ever come home from a long day and just fallen asleep then heard a noise that maked you wake up really fast and you can't move...? That's happened to me quite a few times...  nope	0
Have you ever cried from being so mad?  Always seems like..	0
Have you ever cried from being so mad?  Yes. I always cry when I get mad. Its dumb sometimes lol because people think I'm sad and Im sooo not :]	0
Have you ever cried in public?  not that im aware	0
Have you ever cried infront of alot of people?  yes.	0
Have you ever cried yourself to sleep?  yes	0
Have you ever dated someone out of your race?  i dont think so	0
have you ever done anything illegal? and if so what was it?  hmm..illegal huh? r Yes. Ive gotten 2 dui's in the same year before I learned its not a good idea to drink and drive. I've smoked green. And shroomies are my favorite. though I do not do drugs anymore. r Dont judge meee :( haha	0
Have you ever done one of those ;win free stuff; things?  yeah . i won a car!	0
Have you ever dreamed something then it came true?  yes. deja vu	0
Have you ever dreamt about something more than once?  Yes. Its weird sometimes. But dreams are weird. haha	0
Have you ever dyed your hair an unnatural color?  nope	0
Have you ever eaten an entire pint  or more  ice cream by yourself?  sherbert. yes :)	0
Have you ever eaten at a food court?  yep	0
Have you ever eaten chocolate in bed?  i dont do chocolate much	0
Have you ever entered a contest and won?  ye	0
have you ever experienced feeling the urge to fart inside the elevator? tell me what happen. =)  Not to my recollection. hahahaha but that'd be funny.	0
Have you ever fallen backwards on a chair?  Not to my recollection. but funny you ask  because my brother just did that and busted our neighbors chair at my sisters grad party this past sunday. it was hilarious!!	0
Have you ever fell in love with someone who you knew was no good for you?  yes.	0
Have you ever found a four leaf clover?  Nope  has anyone?	0
Have you ever found a really great place that you kept kind of secret so only you can enjoy it?  yeah	0
Have you ever found something in your clothes you didn't know was there?  yeah. money i love finding it too	0
Have you ever gotten fired from a job?  nope :)	0
Have you ever gotten in trouble with the cops?  yes.	0
have you ever gotten into a fight?  Fist fight?? No. Im a lover not a fighter. ha	0
have you ever gotten stitches?  Nope.	0
have you ever had a ;cub; sandwich?  No.	0
have you ever had a ;Summer Love;?  not really	0
Have you ever had a cake fight?  nope	0
Have you ever had a dream (good/bad)  that actually came true?  nope. but i do deja vu sometimes haha	0
Have you ever had a poem or a song written about you?  yes lots.	0
Have you ever had a stalker?  yes.	0
have you ever had Chicken Pox?  yes once	0
Have you ever had detention?  yes again. for not coming back to class. haha	0
Have you ever had head lice?  nope	0
Have you ever hit one of your parents?  no.	0
Have you ever kissed someone on the beach?  yes	0
Have you ever locked yourself out of a car?  many times haha	0
Have you ever lost something really important and spent hours looking for it?  yes. and i never find it when im looking for it. only days later to find it in the most obvious spot ever.	0
Have you ever made out with someone of the same sex? Why?  nope	0
Have you ever made someone so mad that they broke something?  yes. my sister. hahaha	0
Have you ever peed in the woods?  multiple times :]	0
Have you ever played a game that required the removal of clothing?:  nope	0
Have you ever played baseball?  Yes.	0
Have you ever played Bloody Mary?  Yes. Its dumb. hahah	0
Have you ever played Candy man?  whats candyman? hahha	0
Have you ever pranked your parents?  nope but they've pranked me and my sis good	0
Have you ever pretended your crush was with you when they really werent?  nope	0
Have you ever ran over a animal? What was your reaction?  yes. raccoon. and i freaked. it was coming onto the expressway. only thing ive ever hit and plan on hitting. haha	0
Have you ever ran with scissors in your hand?  yes :/ hahah	0
Have you ever randomly busted out dancing?  randomly yes :)	0
Have you ever returned an item to a store for a refund after having used it?  not really	0
Have you ever ridden in a taxi?  no	0
Have you ever seen a cloud shaped like a thing? What was it? lol  yes and i dont remember.	0
have you ever seen a snow leopard or a red panda?  nope. i would love to  though!!	0
Have you ever seen or enjoyed watching the O.C.?  yeah when it first came on but not anymore at all	0
Have you ever seen someone who you KNEW had Herpes? What was your reaction?  yes i have. i know two people. and my reaction was dang that sucks. i guess tahts what you get for sleeping aroundhuh?	0
have you ever seen the goonies? if yes then what character do you most relate with?  Yes. Hmmm the little asian dude that has all the gadgets and thinks he can fix everything with his smarts and thoughts :) haha	0
Have you ever slept with an object in your hand &amp; woken up &amp; its still there? Happened to me :))  yes.	0
Have you ever snooped in somebody else's medicine cabinet?  nahh	0
Have you ever spent an entire day in bed without being sick?  not that i can think of	0
Have you ever spent over an hour thinking about nothing but your crush?  in highschool maybe haha	0
Have you ever stolen a street sign before?  Not my style.	0
have you ever swallowed an object by accident?  I dont think so. A bug a few times lol when im riding my bike but thats about it.	0
Have you ever taken dance lessons?  Nope i was in gymnastics till 6th grade though	0
Have you ever texted and drove? Do you talk on your phone and drive? Do you eat and drive?  yes. yes. and yes. ive done all the above before	0
Have you ever thought about how life actually started?  yes. not sure really. Maybe the earth and all the planets are just tiny specs of dirt in a giants pocket somewhere..	0
have you ever thought of doing or getting something in a place (house  room  bathroom etc)but when you got there  you suddenly forget what you have to do/get?  Yes i do that all the time. haha	0
have you ever thought that you are and angel in disguise to someone?  Weird you say that. My boyfriend says that all the time. Im his angel in disguise haha. Idk thou sometimes..angels are perfection and im far from that..	0
Have you ever tried to kill yourself by holding your breath?  No? Is it possible. ha	0
Have you ever used a swear word the wrong way and made it sound completely stupid?  not really	0
Have you ever used drugs?  yep	0
Have you ever walked away from someone who meant alot to you?  Yes but it was for the good. They meant a  lot to me at the time  but at the time I was being a stupid girl. :l	0
Have you ever wasted you're time on anybody?  Yes. But well no..i guess everythings an experience and i wouldnt have learned from the time spent with someone so NO. lol	0
Have you ever watched someone drive drunk?  Yeah on funniest home videos. funny stuff huh?	0
Have you ever watched someone get arrested?  yes	0
Have you ever wondered how many people have lied to you?  Yes actually. I bet a lot. Thats sad.	0
have you ever wrote a love song?  yes :)	0
Have you ever yelled at a telemarketer?  nahhh i just hang up	0
have you every used a turn dial phone?  yes actually :)	0
have you gone nature tripping? if so  where? and how was the experience?  what is nature tripping? like hiking??	0
have you gotten drunk after a break up? if not what crazy thing have you done?  nahhh	0
Have you had an std be honest? Im sure half of y'all have.  No	0
Have you had unprotected sex? (too much? delete it) I have :)  yes	0
Have you had your wisdom teeth taken out?  yes	0
Have you heard a new song today?  not today :(	0
Have you kissed more than ten people this year?  Definantly not. One :]	0
Have you locked yourself out of you house?  not yet only my car	0
Have you read/watched ;A Walk to Remember?;  No and yes :] wanna read it though!	0
Have you saved a life?  Yes. I worked at a hospital and i feel i contributed to saving a lot of lives :)	0
have you seen the trailer for Lindsay Lohan's new movie ;machete;? if so what do you think?  Nope. I'll have to check that out! :]	0
Have you seen Titanic?  yeshhh	0
Have you told anybody you loved them today and meant it?  Yes. Timothy. :] and my dad. I talked to him and my ma! haha wow didn't realize how many people ive said I love you to.	0
Have you told your partner about all of your past relationships?  he doesnt really ask but i think its because he doesnt want to talk about his past. we know of the jist of them though.	0
have you watched Karate Kid? I watched it yesterday  it's a very nice movie :)  Yes i have. Not the newest one with Will Smith's kid and the chinese boys pickin on him but i have all the others with the white kid  hahaha there all great movies :)	0
have you watches JOE's APARTMENT? if so  how are you going to solve the problem with the cockroaches?  yes. and that movie is hilarious btw. :) i would not be living there first off.....hahaha but i would trick them somehow. tell them of a better place on a landfill reserve.	0
have yu ever wondered what people would be like without yu ?  Ive thought about it. I really feel like I influence a lot of people in my life. SO I kind of know. But I would sure hope that it wouldn't be like I never existed? :/	0
he's like a curse r he's like a drug r you'll get addicted to his lover you wanna get out but he's holdin you down r r sing it babe!!! :)  hahaha i dont know it. i think i need to research some of the carrie underwood songs before i go lol	0
Hello  My name is Javeed. You seem really cool and I wanted to know if you wanted to have a coffee with me sometime so just reply at 1-800- Javeed :D  LOLOL Just kidding :D This is MsUnderstoodxxx again! And I love Jello strawberry to :DDD It roxx!!!  hahahaha good one. Thanks for all the questions  seriously. But i still have like 398 questions that im eventually gettin too!! Thanks to you. haha	0
hello :]] sup? ;p  musta? :)	0
Hey if ur reading this I dnt know if u were following me or not but if u were I think I deleted all my followers so could u follow me again thanks  sureeee.	0
hey thanks for the questions ;] i needa sleep now.. It's 2am here.. [funny we keep on updating each other about the time] I'll flood you tomorrow :)  haha yeah okay. Sounds good :] Sleep well.	0
Hey you know that Smurfet is the only female smurf... do you think shes a hoe?  nahhh	0
hey you.. who thought you about ;musta; ? =)  hahahaha :) I'd say it was a little bird but i think it was one smart cookie	0
Hey!  Hola! :]	0
hey  Hello there :]	0
Heyy. I've been offline fer three days. What did you do while I'm gone?  I haven't been online for like three weeks hhaha	0
Heyyy. I am downloading songs at the moment. Would you mind helping me? Write your suggestions to my page  as in right now. :)  Okayy.	0
hi!how are you?thanks for spamming  Hello there dear :) and your verrrryyy welcome.	0
high heels or rubber shoes?  high heels :]	0
hobbies  rollerblading  painting  doodling  formspringing  eating  planting flowers  smiling  taking pictures  reading  drawing  writing always. :]	0
Honestly  do you think you are sometimes guilty of stereotyping?r  yes.	0
Hot tea or cold tea?  Both! I love tea <3	0
how are you such a hottie?  Idk. what makes me a hottie? haha	0
how can we make a big difference in this world?  Be truly Kind to one another.	0
how can you love your enemy?  With love all things are possible. its scary.	0
How come sheep don't shrink when it rains?  Its just the way this world works these days. haha	0
How did you bring in the new year?  with family	0
how did you spend your 2 weeks time with out formspring?  Hahahaha Crazy.	0
How did your parents ever explain to you how babies were made? Did they give the bees &amp; flowers speech or said the whole truth?  they didnt'	0
How do rumors get started?  by one self insecure person that needs the voice of others degrading ones they are intimidated by ..	0
How do they get the ;keep off the Grass; sign on the grass?  I'd like that one explained to me too! i hate being restricted to sidewalks.	0
How do you deal with anger?  walk away.	0
how do you express your anger?  I don't unless Im really mad then I cry.	0
How do you feel about your hair right now?  I need a haircut for some style but im trying to grow it out !! so we'll see how long this lasts. ive been doing good lateley	0
How do you feel right now?  Good . hungry actually :)	0
How do you feel when someone disagrees with everything you have to say?  it makes conversation haha	0
How do you feel when you have a hunch someone's not paying attention to what you have to say?  Annoyed lol	0
How do you get cold sores? Are they really herpes?r  Idk. I dont get them. And yes you get them from kissing. saliva or other juices transferring from another person with the infection. They are herpes!!	0
How do you get your questions?  randomly :)	0
How do you groom your nails?  with nail grooming tools? file  clippers  no biting people! thats so gross and unsanitary.	0
How do you handle your emotions when you're sad? Do you direct more anger  tears  or endless thoughts [quiet!]? Explain.  When Im sad I get quiet. More emotion is shown when Im angry than anything. Im pretty good with keeping my emotions concealed.	0
how do you heal a broken heart?  Duck tape. It fixes everything.	0
How do you know when you're really ready for sex? r  yes.	0
How do you like to celebrate your birthday?  with candles and a few good friends and family :]	0
How do you make holidays special?  cookies :)	0
how do you make yourself happy?  Listen to music  feed my newwest fishy :] and cuddle with my boyfriend. Unless im not happy with him and then  I go hang with my family. They always make me happy hahhaha	0
How do you pass time while traveling in the car for a long amount of time?  sing to the radio	0
How do you pronounce the word ;sure;?  The way its spelled. Sure.	0
how do you spend your Saturday nights?  Usually going to my brothers baseball games :) then all day outside!!! my favorite <3r Rollerblading or finding a new park and then out with the boyfriend usually to eat and then doing something..from a movie to going grocery shopping haha	0
how do you stay so cute?  Idk Haha thanks but there are always those that are cuter.	0
How do you think STD's came to be?  it was gov made  i know it	0
How do you think the Obama administration is doing so far?  Sucky	0
How fast can you type?  pretty fast.	0
How is your best friend?  My bestest.	0
How long does it take to get over a ;bad; relationship? (bad does not imply violent)  hmm..not too long i would think..especially if it was bad.	0
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?  30 mins tops	0
How long does it take you to get to work or school?  not long	0
how long have you been together?  A year &amp; 2 months.	0
how long have you dated your boyfriend for and where did you meet?  we've been together for a year in march. and met at a party  how ironic.	0
how long have you gone with out bathing?  Like a week. hahahaha	0
how long have you had formspring for?  hmmm..like i think since march? maybe..	0
how many boyfriends have you had? :)  3.	0
how many cartwheels can you do in a row?  A bunch actually. I used to be a gymnast :]	0
How many chairs are at your dining room table?  we dont currently have a dining room rightnow haha	0
How many different kinds of solitaire do you know how to play?  the one and only :]	0
How many floors does your home have?  I just moved!! To my own apartment. So only one for me. haha but the building has 3.	0
how many friends do you have on facebook?  like 480 er something like that. but who really talks to that many people. haha i think i only talk to like 9 of them all the time hahahaha	0
how many glasses of water do you drink a day?  Like a gallon :] haha Thats all I drink all day.	0
How many hours of sleep do you need to function?  not much. i used to go on 3 or 4 but anymore i get the recommended 8 hours hahaha	0
how many hugs do you get a day?  a tonn :] I don't think my bf can hug me enough sometimes	0
How many keys are on your keychain?  four	0
how many kids do you want to have in the future?  im not sure actually. I guess how ever many I am blessed with :]r r but like 3-6 would be awesome. i like big families!	0
How many languages can you fluently speak?  One fluently. Spanish pequinta	0
How many lies do you think you have told in your life time?  a bunch im sure. white lies are the hardest to remember	0
how many of you like twilight series?  i like em for what they are.	0
How many pairs of underwear do you own?:  Really? Show your face.	0
how many people can you tell EVERYTHING TO?  Two.	0
how many people do you know with your first name?  only two.	0
How many phone numbers do you have memorized that you don't need to look up?:  like 4 or 5	0
how many pillows do you use?  3	0
how many questions are in your inbox? :)  about 900 lol i havent been on for a hot second	0
How many suitcases do you own?  i own a couple duffle bags but no suitcases.	0
How many times a month do you go to the movies?  i used to go a lot. but now i dont go so much. waiting for a really good new movie to come out!	0
how many times do u take a bath in a day?  once. unless im super active.	0
how many times do you eat in a day?  on the hour every hour :] haha	0
How many times have you had the hippups today? :D  none.	0
How many times were you on the phone to someone today?  Once.	0
How many TRUE best friends do you have?  Maybe 2	0
How much did you get for your teeth?  like a buck or whatev	0
How much money did you spend yesterday?  i have no money	0
How much money do you need right at this moment to be happy?  None. Im happy without money.  :]	0
how often do you check on your formspring?  usually during the week everyday. but on the weekends Im with timmy so not too often ;)	0
How often do you check your voice mail?  every other wk or so	0
how often do you download songs you hear in commercials?  not often. i dont download much at all	0
How often do you flick people off?  never. I hate that.	0
How often do you get sick?  not too often  once a year perhaps but it hits hard when i do get sick.	0
How often do you get the hiccups?  Not very often	0
how often do you go braless?  All the time. haha  Unless we're going out. Its uhhh more comfy!	0
how often do you go to spa?  never been :(	0
How often do you have days where it feels like everything goes wrong?  Here lately its been a lot...	0
How often do you lose your voice?  I think thats only happened to me once and it was after a bengals game. It was my first stadium game hahaha	0
How often do you really ;go out;?  Not often. haha	0
How often do you think about touching other people's private parts?(Be Honest)  Ha! A lot. :) I like my man's private parts.	0
How often do you wish you were a kid again?  always	0
how old are you?  21	0
How old are yu ?  21	0
How old is your inner child?  4	0
How old were you when you learned to swim?  idk how old i was when i started doing anything dude. lol	0
How old were you when you learned to tie your shoes?  idk honestly.	0
How old were you when you went on your first flight? Where did you go?  Never flew. Hopefully soon tho!! Im not scared just haven't had the opportunity :(	0
How old will you be turning on your next birthday?  22 again...	0
How should Shayla&amp;I prank Xen next? (Shayla is telling Xentury to go back to sleep)  im not good with pranks. soory :(	0
how so you spend your Christmas eve?  with family :)	0
How well do you handle rejection?  i dont handle it	0
How would you handle if your partner was pressuring you into sex when your not ready?  I would tell th	0
How would you like to die?  Unexpectedly and when Im really old	0
How would you talk someone out of suicide?  Very carefully. I would honestly like to do that as a career.	0
how's obama as a president?  horrible.	0
how's the weather there?  its sunny now. summers ahead of us.	0
Howu2019s your mood today?  good i suppose.	0
http://formspringme.zendesk.com/home complain about FS and the limitations they're making here  you have to make a whole new separate account to do it.  okayy	0
http://www.e-castig.com/index.php?r=C1o6s  kkkkkkkkk	0
http://www.formspring.me/ThePedo Ladies of Formspring: This is my opinion but I highly advise you ignore any questions from this person. And block him.  alllrighty lady.	0
I always wonder why those damn rapist that rape lito girls dont just fucken a pay damn prostitute &amp;&amp; fuck them? Fuck it kills me to see lito girls dying like that :|  Yeah I agree. It's wrong.	0
I am done spamming for now. I am going to get a shower and relax for a bit I will spam more tonight! <3 yas!  spam ya ma'am	0
I am done spamming for right now. I am still sort of tired. Leave me things. I will spam more later <3  kkkkk thanks for all your spam in a can.	0
I am done spamming for the day. Leave me things. Thanks <3 Have a good rest of the day!  kkk	0
I am going to be off here for a few days cause of family and other reasons. Leave me stuff. I will return it. Once again if you don't want to be spammed just TELL ME. Thanks.  kkkkk	0
I am going to finish answering questiosn then I am off to pack my stuff to leave. Please leave me things? Thank you.  Okay. Will do :)	0
I am going to go to bed now. I still ahve alot of stuff on my mind. Ehhh... well have a good/day. <3 Leave me things.  k	0
I am going to go to bed now. I still ahve alot of stuff on my mind. Ehhh... well have a good/day. <3 Leave me things.  kk	0
I am off for right now. I feel sick. And personally I hate being sick. So leave me things to make me smile&amp;questions. Thanks babes!<3  kkkk. hope you feel better!	0
I am off for right now. Leave me things? <3 Please&amp;Thank you!!!  kkkkkk	0
I am off for the night. I have to try to get some sleep. Leave me things? Thank you! <3  kk	0
I am off for the night. I hope you have agreat one! I will talk to you people tomorrow morning before my family shows up. <3  kkkk :]	0
I am off for the night. I will spam more tomorrow but it's been a weird day and I am tired. Thanks <3  night!	0
I am off here for a bit. Gotta hang out w. Xentury. <3 Leave me things. Thank you.  kkk. have fun!	0
i am sooo scrapbooking the past weekend!!!  really!!??! haha	0
i am using http://mobile.formspring.me to ask y'all in just one click.. =) do you guys have twitter? follow me plss =) http://twitter.com/CoquettishDiva =)  no twitter. and kudos for mobile formspring :)	0
i aqree completely aboutt hello kitty !  Thank you. Nice to know im not alone :) haha	0
I CAN BE YOUR SEX SEX TOY I I CAN BE YOUR SEX SEX TOY  I CAN BE YOUR MALLIBU BARBIE  I CAN PLAY PLAY FOR YOU BABY WHEN YOU GET LONELY  I SAID I CAN BE YOUR HANNAH MONTANA I CAN MAKE YOU MOVE IN WAYS YOU CANT IMAGINE.  Hahaha	0
I can't find you on facebook I was lookin' for you &amp; a Tosha Good came out O___O  hmmm.. weird ill try and find you i suppose.	0
i can't stop watching carrie underwood clips!!! im listening to cowboy casanova rite now!!!! :) i am soooo excited!!!! OMG  Im super stoked too chiky.	0
I dreamt that those hugerobots from the car ads were out to kill me  i escaped from a palace in a revolution with an emo king &amp; queen and khia was there too LMAO so i ran away &amp; got to my old area and my fam were having dinner...  haha	0
I hate it when  _________________  people talk about something you know they have no clue about.	0
i have 1000+questions in my inbox yesterday.but now only 100!!!i didnt answer any questions from yesterday.what happened to remaining questions?did this happen to you?  :'(  Ohh no. They must have disappeared  idk?	0
I have all my questions do you guys have them??  huh?	0
I hope all of you have a good day. I need to go clean house. My stepdad is coming here from Arkansas with his fiance. (My mom and him divorced 3 yrs back) And they are going to stay a few days. So to everyone  I hope you have a great day. And I will quest  okayyy!	0
I just got called a bitch. LMAO! Is there something you hate being called?  I dont much like bitch either.	0
I just have to say  I do -NOT- believe the Earth will actually end. It is a quote from one of my favorite  thought-provoking movies named Donnie Darko. It's not a '2012' movie  either. You'd have to see it.  Ohhh okay. I'll have to check it out then.	0
i like learning french  how about you? =)  I like learning any language thats not familiar to me already. Ive got a little thai  spanish  and now filipino down. slowly i like to learn the basics to get me by. hello and how are you  thanks  please  your welcome... :) its fun.	0
I look in my back seat everytime I start to get in my car at night. Do you think this is a good habit?  Yes! I do that too haha	0
i love you  you are gorgous!  Thank you	0
i love you!  I love you tooo! :)	0
i love you!  Love you too april hahaha	0
I nearly ran over a prostitute once with my car.(True story.) What's the craziest thing you've nearly hit?  craziest? i havent. only a raccoon.	0
I never thought I could.....  find the perfect guy for me :]	0
i never thought I would be friends with ________.  you! :]	0
I think Xentury is thinking of a prank to pull on me  what shall I do?  pull one first	0
I thought about how my mother fed me with a tiny spoon and fork  so I wonder what Chinese mothers use? Toothpicks?  Hahhahaha	0
i totally asked a guy to prom....guess what he said!!!????  Yes and then didnt show up haha	0
I wanna play spin the bottle lol Have you played it? When was the last time? Mine was when i was 20 :)  no i havent actually and im 21 lol	0
I want ________ to be my sister.  APRIL	0
I want my mom to _________.  come over and cook me dinner. Shes an amazing cook :]	0
I was looking for my questions on your page and I was like browsing forever! haha you really have a lot of spammers xD  Yeah I know hahaha. they just pop up out of nowhere!  :P	0
i was really surprised when you asked me ;musta;.. haha.. well musta is a shortcut term for ;kamusta; ..;kamusta; is kinda the formal term.. =) it's really fun studying different languages ayt? =) besides tagalog  what other language/s you want to learn?  Yes it is lots of fun :) I wouldn't mind learning latin. Its a dead language of course but apparently there are a lot of good things you can get out of latin and a bunch of things are based on it.	0
I was watching a documentary on a place called Lagos last night and it seemed like even though the people there lived in shacks and slums they were happyer than the people who live in modern developed countrys and they all get along.r why is that?  because theyre priorities in life are to live and be happy with those around them. not what they have and their neighbor may have more than them....theres a lot more to life than material. plus they dont know any different to them that is life.	0
I will be gone for a couple of days.  I'm moving tomorrow.  The internet is going to be hooked this weekend. So  I shall return in a few days.  If you want to be taken off the list  please send a message in my inbox. Have a good weekend!  =)  Okayyyyyy.	0
i'll give you a scenario: what if your friend dated someone who is in a relationship  or had a relationship with someone who is in a relationship? what will you do?  its not my business.  if it were up to me  they shouldnt do that. I believe its called being a homewrecker. but its not my business to poke around in. I would voice my opinion if asked but thats all :]	0
Ice cream  pie  or cake?  ice cream :)	0
Idealist or realist?  idealist :]	0
If a parsley farmer is sued  do they garnish his wages?  okayyyy	0
If a picture is worth a thousand words  what's a smile worth?  a million :)	0
If abandoned alone in the wilderness would you survive?  Most DEFINANTLY :]	0
If an orange is orange and called an orange  why is a banana yellow and not called a  yellow?  Cause its called a banana :) I love bananas	0
If any of you want me to quit spamming me please let me know. I am not here to bother any of you. K  Thanks! <3  :] your fine.	0
If drugs had no bad effect on your health...would you do them?  Sugary and fast foods have a bad effect on your health  you still eat them dont you??!?!?!	0
If everyone found out NO religion was real  what do you think people would do?  loose their mind. its something to focus on for the ones that cant except theres may be nothing for life after death.	0
If everyone got what they wished for do you think the Earth would be a better or worse place?  no. havent you seen Bruce Almighty. Nobody knows what they really want...?	0
If given the chance would you like to come back as a ghost?  ehh no i dont think so. I guess i would rather go up and see all the others that have already passed on and catch up with them. :) I look forward to that eventually :)	0
If heat rises  shouldn't hell be cold?  nope. dont mock good sir.	0
If I could __________ then I would.  ..be invisible and punch mean people in the back of the head...	0
If I could fly  I would've gone to __________.  the winter olympics in Vancouver. Supposed to be gorgeous :]	0
If I had I a lot of $$$$ I would probably ____________.  help a lot of people in need.	0
If I looked on the bed next to you  what would I find?  My boyfriend	0
if i spam you? will you spam me :) u2665  Of course! :]	0
if i told you would u let me  prolly not. but only because idk you and i have a bf so he's the only one i like to touch or smell my feet! sorry yo lol	0
if I wrote you a love note and made you smile with every word I wrote what would you do?  smile hahah and say thank you :)	0
If Jimmy cracks corn and no one cares  why is there a stupid song about him?  Idk cause it has a great beat. Jim cracks corn and i dont care  jimmy cracks corn and i dont care... hahaha	0
If love is blind  why is lingerie so popular?  i dont get t	0
If my questions bother you please let me know. Cause I am sick of ;IDK; Answers. Seriously I am. Like badly.  I dont hardly give IDK answers to your questions much so I dont believe your referring to me. But I feel like you don't read my answers anyway sooo idc if you spam me so much..	0
If olive oil comes from olives  where does baby oil come from?  dunno yo..good question though	0
If one song were to describe your life  what song would it be?  It's only life..by Kate Voelege	0
If rabbits feet are so lucky  then what happened to the rabbit?  ha yeah i know right?	0
If someone offered you $5 each for a pair of your used underwear  would you give it to them?  ummm. well it'd prolly be for some weird fetish smelling creep so no. just cause. its weird.	0
If someone's underwear was showing  would you tell them?  Yes already. haha	0
If the whole world were listening  what would you say?  Love one another. Kindness is the key to happiness :]	0
If there was a hour extra everyday what would you do in that time?  Dance the robot. :]	0
If there was an amendment that you could flawlessly enforce  which would it be..why?  VIII. excessive bail  cruel punishment. Because everyone that goes through the law one way or another is wrongly punished whether it be the right is hit with the worst or the bad is easily let off...its disgusting. our government. It needs to be fixed!! and enforced.	0
If u got out of a relationship 3 months ago can you still say you just got out off a relationship?  if your not over it yet..yes	0
If you bumped your car into another car  but nobody saw you do it  would you leave your name and address?  Nope. Just cause i wouldn't do that. Im an awesome driver haha	0
If you can be in a fairytale.. what story would you choose to be in?why?  pocahontas. :] Im the one that doesn't do whats in the book and travels outside of the comforts to explore and see the new land. A leader and wanderer..faith in finding your own way.	0
If you can change something about the world's history.. what would it be?  to find out if hitler was really what the jews have made him out to be or if things were just blown way out of proportion and history just wrote itself like that..idk to be honest what is true anymore. i mean pluto can teven make up its mind if its a planet or a moon. how the heck are we supposed to know whats real or whats just wrote in the books for us to be made to believe happened?	0
If you could  would you kiss the last person you texted? Is this person just a friend or something more? Do you like it that way?  No.	0
If you could ask God any one question  what would it be?  why	0
If you could attend any concert  what would it be?  MUSE. I want to see them live real bad.	0
If you could be a bird  what would you choose to be?  Eagle.	0
If you could be a plant  what would you choose to be?  Uranus. hahahahhahahahha I crack myself up. Pluto definantly :] its the only one thats been a planet and moon at the same time! thats soo me :]	0
If you could be a super-hero  which one would you be?  Ehhhh prolly the yellow power ranger..duh? ;]	0
if you could be any celebrity for a day  who would you be &amp; why?  Hmm. Celebrity? Idk. Ummmm perhaps  Jennifer anniston Because she's always trying to do something with the earth and helping others.	0
If you could be born into history as any famous person who would it be and why?  Julia Roberts.	0
If you could bring one character to life from your favorite book  who would it be?  BFG.	0
If you could change one thing in the world  what would it be?  Kindness through ALL humanity.	0
If you could change some things about Cincinnati  to make it better  what would you do?  The upkeep of downtown. its beautiful in what you can find in an innercity but the horrible the way it gets soooo run down by the next year or so. its sad really.	0
If you could change something about yourself  what would you change and why?  I'm actually pretty happy about myself currently. Buuut if I could  I guess it'd be to be a little taller so I could be a model. :] haha	0
if you could change your name to anything you want  what would you call yourself?  hmm this one's a stumper.....r i guess i would change it to  Sunshine. I like that. haha	0
If you could choose to live on a different planet  which one would you choose?  To live....Pluto still. It'd be like living in alaska haha	0
If you could commit any crime and get away with it  what would you do?  Bomb the white house.	0
If you could have anyone locked in a room so that you could torment them for a day  whom would you choose  and how would you torment them?  torment isn't much my style.	0
If you could have personally witnessed one event in history  what would you want to have seen?  i would have liked to have seen the solar eclipse that only happens every like 7 years..or whatever. it just happened this year. but i wish i would of gotten to see it in person.	0
If you could hear what someone is thinking for a day  who would you choose?  Hmmm..God?	0
If you could learn any magic trick which would you like to learn?  Hmm. how to cut people in half. hahahha	0
If you could lose one emotion  which would you like to lose?  Love. its the kryptonite to anything you think you can accomplish without it. its the human kinds weakness to other beings. always.	0
If you could punch one celebrity without any repercussions who would it be?  taylor swift	1
If you could put somebody on a postage stamp  who would you choose?  audrey hepburn	0
If you could torture one person with music  who would it be and what song would you play?  torture isn't realllly my thing. but anything jonas brothers would do im sure haha	0
If you could transport yourself anywhere instantly  where would you go and why?  where you are to meet you  because i think we would get along just peachy	0
If you did come back as a ghost where would you haunt?  hmm..i dont think i would haunt. I would be like Casper the friendly ghost. :) and want to make people friends and have fun all the time :)	0
If you didn't have enough money to get the bus home what would you do?  Hitch hike babay haha	0
If you don't know the words to a song  do you improvise?  oh most definantly	0
If you don't wanna be asked anymore questions or whatever  just let me know in my inbox. If your boyfriend or girlfriend cheated on you  would you take them back? Have you ever done this before? What circumstances would have to be met for this to happen?  okayyyy. No. No. None.	0
If you eat chicken nuggets  what do you usually dip them in?  I don't . but when i was little  sweet and sour sauce from mickey d's :] hahahha	0
If you found a suitcase full of $1 000 000  what would you do?  Depends on if I were in the country and who I was with.. But i'd say figure if it had anyone it belonged to and if not spend it! ;)	0
If you found out someone was somehow pregnant by you(for men) or you were somehow pregnant(for women)  how would you react?  that sucks. hahaha JK	0
If you give money to charity  which one do you usually give to?  yes. i do walks all the time	0
If you got arrested for murder  whom would you call with your telephone call from prison? And why?  Timothy. Because he would prolly be following behind the cop car waiting in the waiting room for me already.	0
If you had a billion dollars  what would you do with it?  Share it :) help my parents out. My dad works like a dog and I feel like he tries hardest and barely gets anywhere..and my sister and brothers.	0
If you had a ghost what would you want it to do?  play tricks on people hahaha	0
If you had an accident and you had to be at home to recover for a long time  what would you do to relieve the boredom?  I LOVE Sudoku's :] Read  Paint  I think I would be just fine recovering :)	0
If you had one day to live  what would you spend that day doing?  dancing around  singing  seeing everything that i wanted and giving as much to everyone and spreading as much happiness around to anyone and all with as much as i could. i would give everything away and do sweet nothings for random people to make their day a little better. :)	0
If you had the choice to see the future  would you?  Never.	0
If you had the chose to be a demon  a vampire  or a elf which would you be?  vampire :)	0
if you had the opportunity to be in a movie with any actor/actress who would it be?  jennifer aniston/vince vaughan	0
If you had to challenge someone to a duel of some kind  what your weapon of choice be?  A flame torch.	0
If you had to choose between a millions bucks and being able to fly  which would you choose?  Being able to fly!!!!!!!!!!! :] but it would have to be all the time hahahha	0
If you had to choose between a millions bucks and being able to fly  which would you choose?  FLy.	0
if you had to remove a part of your body bec. it has cancer cells.. what part of your body would you choose? why?  If I had to choose. One ear because I wouldn't have to loose all my hearing and noone would see the defect of losing a part of my body. I would cover it with my hair.	0
If you joined the circus  what act would you most want to perform?  the high dive.	0
If you knew someone was going to die would you tell them?  no	0
If you ran the world...what would it be like?  a different place. utopia.	0
If you saw a robbery  would you report it?  Yeaaah	0
If you saw a serious crime take place and if you told you could possibly be killed  would you tell?  YES :)	0
If you saw someone in public with toilet paper stuck to their shoe  would you tell them?  YEAH!!! I don't understand why people don't tell others about that kind of stuff??!?!? It drives me crazy. Everyone would want someone to tell them if it were happening to them!!	0
If you saw your zipper was down and people had noticed  what would you do?  Laughhh loud and zip it of course :] hahaha	0
if you wanted to visit any planet in the universe wich one would you pick?would you even live there?  Well any planet in the universe would involve planets that aren't named to me yet...therefore yes I would :) love to go to a planet we've never heard of!! haaha Yes i would live there.	0
If you were a candy  what candy would you be?  Skittle :]	0
If you were a monster  what monster would you be?  A nice monster. I would wanna be the closet monster that hides in the closet but really im just nice and want a little kid friend to play with :]	0
If you were a toy  what toy would you be?  A loud shakin' dancing singin toy thats really colorful and makes little ones learn lots of stuff!! :]	0
If you were a tree  what tree would you be?  Willow. Come lay under me children :] Over a lake or something. that'd be rad sweet :]	0
If you were abducted by aliens  would you tell anybody? Why or why not?  Yes. Cause it would totally be awwesome as long as they didn't do experiments and stuff on me hahaha	0
If you were an animal what would you be?  eagle	0
If you were given $100  would you spend it  or save it?  even if you save it  your always going to eventually spend it. so to make good out of it   i'd spend it right away!! :]	0
If you were given a chance to go to the moon  would you go? Why or why not?  YES. Because I want to go to the moon. I want to know if its made of cheese :)	0
If you were given the chance to take care of a monkey for a weekend  would you?  yeah except i'd be scare it'd eat my face off.	0
If you were on fear factor would you rather eat cow intestines or 2 dozen hissing roaches?  I love fear factor!!!! btw..and i would rather do the cow intestine.	0
If you were stranded in the woods  would you want with you a spoon  a straw  or a spatula?  spoon	0
if you were to be a bird  what would it be?  An eagle definantly.	0
If you were to be reborn who would you want to be born as?  me again. is that allowed? haha	0
If you woke up in Jail  what would your crime be ??  dui.	0
If you're in college or graduated from college  what is/was your major?  Nursing :]	0
If your eyes reflected everything you have ever don  would you look people in the eyes?  yes	0
Ill unfollow you if you wish just tell me thank you! :D  Nahh i hadn't been on in a while. your good	0
ILL UNFOLLOW YOU JUST LET MY DUMB ASS KNOW!!!! I DONT NEED YOUR BULLSHIT!!! :))) THANKS &amp;&amp;  ENJOY THE REST OF YOUR DAY! PEACE!  hahhah	1
im 30 u  u can scroll my page. thanks.	0
Im about to spam y'all so if you dont want me too tell me now sukkahs lol :)) thanks!!!  Mmkayyy	0
Im going to spam anonymously k? You down?  Ohhh well i didnt know you were doing that  you know since the questions come backwards to you..hahhaa sorry about all the show your face comments. hahha	0
Im gonna take pole dancing classes would that make me slutty?  nahhh	0
Im in _______ bitch!!! (your city lol)  CINCINNATI	0
In 1386 a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child. How did the pig kill the child?  Ate it?	0
in making decisions  you always end up following what your ______ says.. heart or brain?  heart	0
In scale from 1-5  how afraid of dark are you?  3	0
In the beginning of time how do you think we learned how to communicate?  ooooggggahhh booogahhhh	0
In what country other than your own would you like to live?  I honestly can't say until I go and see them?	0
In your eyes what drives people to use drugs?  gotta take for something else they dont have or want	0
In your opinion  is being argumentative a positive trait or a flaw?  positive :]	0
in your opinion  what is the best thing about being a nurse?  Im not a nurse yet. But I would say the neverending need to keep helping people. Its more than the average person could do... r Maybe this way  I can make a difference. If not in the world  in someone's life. :]	0
Is April really your sister? Related by blood?  Yes she is by blood. Always has  always will be :)	0
is english your primary language?  Si. hahah YEs.	0
Is French kissing in France just called kissing?  i'd like to know..if ya find out let me know!	0
Is it better to get too much or too little sleep?  Its better for me to get too little. I can get more done! haha but its healthier to sleep more.	0
Is it cool to be dumb these days? If so I don't like the trend.  NO! I hate dumb people.	0
Is it wrong I am getting my daughter to paint Xen's nails while he is asleep?  Nahhhh its cute	0
Is life more meaningful if you live for someone [s.o.]  or living a life to die for a cause for the better of humanity? Explain.  I believe both are good :) i had an awesome elaborate answer to this but formspring didnt make it show up so that is all.	0
Is love necessary in life?  NOT AT ALL	0
is love really blind? why or why not?  Yes. because you think with your heart not your brain  and thats the most dangerous thing you can do. its not using your brain at all?!! Sometimes i wish i had a pair of im in love see past the bullcrap glasses to put on to see a little clearer with days are a little dreary..	0
Is Obama the President the we all ever wished for?  no not at all.i dont people thought when they went to vote this past year.	0
Is quizzes are quizzical what are tests?  te	0
Is someone on your mind right now?  Not really	0
is there a person that you ever felt that you actually hated?  Not really. Traits of people that I hate? Most definantly.	0
Is there anyone who was in your life that it hurts you to think about?  nahhh	0
Is there anything in your house that glows in the dark?  hmm..i dont think so	0
Is there anything that can make you sick just by smelling it?  vomit.	0
Is there anything weird that you do?  i like to be nakeed	0
Is there one person that can always make you smile?  yes. my sis usually	0
Is there such thing in life as a selfless sacrafice?  YES! people just dont know what it is.	0
Is Tosha your real name?  Yup sure is :)	0
Is using a inhaler a sign of weakness?  nahhhh. you cant help your lungs are only as strong as god made them	0
is you? BEAUTIFUL!! ;D http://www.e-castig.com/index.php?r=v1og5  kkk?	0
is your brother okay now??  Yep so far :]r He was diagnosed when he was 2 and he's 8 now. So usually if the cancer is going to reoccur it does between 4-6  but we don't want to get cocky. The oldest person with his type of cancer has only lived to be 22. its kind of scary.. but thanks for asking! :] he's doing great now.	0
Is your hair long enough to put in a ponytail?  Yes.	0
is your room messy or super neat?  in between. i have a boyfriend that likes to contribute to my cleaniness with his messiness.	0
Isnt that quote from alice in wonderland?  Yes it is :]	0
jabbawockeez.. what do you think about them?  I think they are in starwars  yes? haha	0
Jupiter gets its name from where?  Idk where anything gets its name from. But i would like to name something sometime! :(	0
kaydoll is bettaa than rhubinathy cuss she will suck my dick and the othe fat hoe wont and i luv it my sluts  okay?	1
KFC OR MCDONALD?  KFC mashed potatoe bowl :)	0
l00k under yur bed...!  My bed is on the floor unfortuantly. I know I hate it too! We're moving though :0	0
Lady Gaga has recieved 13 nominations at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards  she has beaten Michael jacksons record of 11 nominations  do you think she really deserves all those nominations?  No. Not at all.	0
Lady gaga looks like Christina Aguilera? True Or False?  False.	0
Last event you dressed up for?  my and timothys anniversary. we went to boi na braza  the brizillian steak house downtown cincinnati. its was super snazzy :)	0
Last gift you received?  violin i think for my bday from my booo	0
Last night you felt?  Okay little mad cause of some relationship crap but im over it like always haha	0
Last question for right now. You have the choice to save the life of the person who has hurt you the most  do you do it? If you don't no one will know.  yes i would. i would love the opportunie of saving another persons life. and everyone gets hurt..but is being hurt worth not saving another beings life? I dont think so. I'll save them!! :)	0
Last time you had butterflies in your stomach?  its been awhile..	0
Last time you saw your best friend?  a week ago	0
Let's start the party on our profiles. I hope I could catch up wif yew. :))  Haha Sureee	0
Lets jump off the bridge together! You go first... I check if it works  ill reconsider..  haha Yup thats prolly what would happen. The first time I went to the falls in monroe..(don't know if you've heard of them?) but its a waterfall you jump off. well anyways everyone hade been there before except me and it was night of course..im a retard lol and I was the only one that would jump. No second chances :] haha	0
like how many photos do you have on fb?  I used to have a ton more than i do now. Why aren't we friends on fb yet??? hahaha	0
like how many questions do you get in a day?  Hmmm depends. sometimes I get bombarded with questions but here lately since ive gotten on everyday its like 15-20. haha enough i suppose :)	0
List 5 people you know. Then describe each of them in 5 words.  Timothy. april. Mother. Chelsea S. &amp; You.r Loyal. Funny. Stressful. Partier  &amp; intersting.	0
live with both Parents ??  no i live on my own :)	0
LMFAO!  If you haven't seen this  you totally need to.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkjyZHZhokM&amp;feature=popular  okayy	0
LOL what's this with people asking you about smelling your FEET? And apparently  in an even stranger twist  someone already has smelled your feet?  Yeahh	0
lol  :] why are you anonymous?	0
Longest relationship?  1 year and 3 months	0
look inside your bag/purse.. name three things you see  cough drops. deodorant. glasses case.	0
look to your right.. tell me the first thing you see  My bedroom door.	0
love pizza?r what toppings you prefer?  green pepper  cheese  onion  bacon-crunchy  and cheese :D	0
Me and Xentury discussed this. If you just got out of a house with a killer and you turn around to see a kid still stuck in the house  do you go back?  Hells yeah you go back!	0
mmm  mmm what?	0
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  moooo back.	0
most hated movies?  about schmidt.	0
Most of you said the oil spill. why do you think they are talking about it so much? Is it cause they are not doing much about it?  huh	0
Most of you said your parents kept them. Don't you find that creepy in a way?  nahh	0
mountains or beach?  beach.	0
movies or music?  repeat.	0
Musicals:  Cheesy or entertaining?  Entertainingly cheesy :]	0
musta?you said you were sick last week.. you okay now?  Mabuti :) Out of bed at least  I had no energy forever. haha Just the bad case of a head cold I guess. Thanks for asking =]	0
my computer does that too! ;Invalid request; haha thanks for all the questions :]  :[ computers are dumb sometimes. and yup you too! I had like 110 because of you :] Well and cause I didnt get on all weekend..haha	0
My dick throbbs for ur attention. Call me 7273684229  wow good one.	0
My life can only be perfect if ___________.  everyone would learn true kindness.	0
my sis is naked  okay. my page is not for you to be anonymous on :]	0
Name 10 of your favorite things?  Timothy.r Sherbert.r Dancing.r My family.r making arts stuff.r being outside.r writing.r Movies.r Rollerblading.r &amp;&amp;r Formspring :]	0
Name 3 cheese products you like.  cottage cheese. colby cheese. string cheese.	0
Name 3 drinks you regularly drink?  h2o. snapple raspberry white tea. oj-homestyle with all the juicey bits	0
Name 3 thoughts at this exact moment?  i need to pee but im too lazy to get up. r i want some more mac and cheese.r i really need to get off fs!! haha	0
Name a bird with a long neck.  Ostratrich	0
Name a movie or movies you can watch over and over?  all disney movies. always. and along came polly and mr deeds. hilarious!	0
Name a movie or movies you can watch over and over?  Juno  Sweet november  mr. deeds :]	0
Name a song you know all the lyrics to.  Ummmm you outta know ;)	0
Name everyone that made you smile this week  Hmm..i had been sick all wk so Ive only been around Timothy. And well I texted chels. So i guess just them two. Oh and you :) your questions make me smile sometimes hahaha	0
Name five things that you wished you had.  a nursing degree already.r a lott of land to live off of.r some money i could just give away to those who work their entire life and can never get ahead.r &amp; a dog. bullmastiff. purebreed. i love them.	0
Name one household chore you would never want to do again  I don't mind household chores actually. but I guess I'd say dusting. I don't enjoy that :/ ha	0
Name something that's better when it's in your hands?  Food. :) hahaha	0
Name something you bought on your last trip to the store.  Orange Juice	0
Name the clothing store you shop at the most?  hmmm i havent been shopping in forever but i like forever 21	0
Name the most terrifying moment of your life so far.  when my little brother was diagnosed with cancer.	0
Name your 2 favorite colors and why?  purple and green.r always has been my favorite since i was a kid and green just makes me happy and looks good on me haha	0
Name your 3 closest friends. Which one is your very best friend?  April. my sisterr Timothy  my boyfriendr Dad. r r My very best would probably be........r April. She knows me best. Always. and how to handle me.	0
New york or paris?  Never been to either. SO idk yet :]	0
next period theres another note and this one says will you be my ;Girlfriend;?  Luckily im not in highschool anymore. No more next periods for me haha	0
Nike or Adidas?  Adidas.	0
NSYNC or Backstreet Boys?  Backstreets back ole right!! hahaha	0
Ok  I'm just dying to know then... who  in all the world  actually put your feet up to their face and smelled your feet? I can barely type that without laughing about it.  Don't be anonymous. Share your name :]	0
Ok  to answer your question honestly  I do want to smell your feet  but I swear the truth is that I did *not* ask you those questions  previously. That honestly was someone else.  ?	0
Okay  that's all for a little bit.  I've been having some trouble with people not wanting questions and being bitchy about it.  If you don't want any further questions please message me in my inbox and you will be removed without a fight. Thanks  guys! :)  yep yep	0
Okay I am done for right now. I can smell brains frying all the way from here. Ask me stuff? <3 Thank you.  haha okay! :0	0
Okay I am done spamming for right now. I will more later tonight. My husband is cooking dinner and I am about to eat. But please spam me back. And I hope you all have a great night! <3 -ChloroformGRL  k	0
okay so here's another Filipino word ;mabuti; which means I'm okay :) haha my cousin from CA is here in the Philippines now and I kinda have a hangover from teaching him lol  Hahahahaha thats funny. I wanna learn so I can read all the questions you answer in filipino...haha its not fair!!	0
Okay well my computer won't let me ask you anymore question right now emahsnouoy haha so i'll hit you up later? :]  Just so you know ;)	0
OMG ! ! I did 200 Q's yeay MEEEE ! !  hahhahah yeah you!	0
Omgee i get super shy when i get a brazilian wax... Do you girls get shy too if you get one or your like w.e? Guys: Do you like your girls waxed down there or it dont matter?  Nope. I dont do that. lol too expensive. i have other thing i could put that money toward.	0
on a scale of 1-10  how would you rate yourself?  personality 9r physic 8r looks 8	0
On average how many texts do you send a day?  12 lol	0
one fun thing you did ??  ONE? ive done lots of fun things. i go to parks and rollerblade. ive been to panama beach with 6 other girls for vaca. i got to spend an entire weekend with my family this past weekend. i paint colorful paintings...lots of fun things	0
One night you wake up because you heard a noise. You turn on the light to find that you are surrounded by MUMMIES. The mummies aren't really doing anything  they're just standing around your bed. What do you do?  Go back to sleep and hope its a dream hahahahahha	0
one person who have touched your heart the most  God.	0
One place you'd like to explore the most ? :D  Egypt :)	0
one thing you want badly  For money not to be the root of all evil and the rule of most of humanity. I hate money.	0
one thing you would want to disappear on this planet  greed.	0
one weird fact about you  Ive only been flipped off once in my entire life and it was when I first started driving. Some guy cut me off coming onto a highway from a ramp..So i flipped my lights to let him know i was there because I had to slam on my brakes. And he flipped me off. r It hurt my feelings and throw a fit anytime im with someone with road rage that flips someone else off. I make them feel bad about why it was even necessary in the first place....hahaha	0
ONLY english native people! How does Spanish sound to you?  Like another language..i know some :)	0
ow much cash do you have on you?  None. i dont have pockets on right now lol	0
People say ;I don't know; alot. Is that a real answer? (Personally I think not.)  NOOO! hahaha i mean if you really dont know. but its usually you just cant think of something to put down. which defeats the purpose of having one of these i believe?	0
Person you talk on the phone with the most?  my dad i thnk haha	0
Peter Pan or Captain Hook u2013 who is cooler?  Dang. Peter Pan of course!	0
PLEASE can I poop in your mouth  No. and anonymousness is just your way of not being able to show yourself. At least have the dignigty to leave your name if your going to talk. Bahahha!	1
Please stop harassing me on my formspring :(  I don't harass people on formspring. Will you stop harassing me :( you keep leaving anonymousness on my page. r Keep your negative thoughts off my FS please and thank you very much. :]	1
prada or jansport?  jansport :)	0
pssh i dont know what that person is talking about  you seem awesome to me!  haha thanks. I hear that a bit.	0
Pussy Cat dolls OR Paradiso Girls?  PCD. All the way! :)	0
r Do you randomly start giggling and can't quit?  sometimes	0
r Do you think their parents know they are stalkers?  huh?	0
r How much do looks matter to you in a guy/girl?  they matter but they aren't the decision.	0
r IF today is tommorrow  and tommorrow is today  what day is today?!?r 0_0  friday the 13th. errryyy..hhaha	0
random song of the day?  its only life. katie vougel	0
remember Cassie? lol  No? who's cassie?	0
Rhianna next year??? lol  Definantly :] Cant waittt!!	0
Robot Chicken is a funny ass cartoon  in Cartoon Network for those who dont know :))) i watch it around 12 :))  okay ill check it out	0
say say say _________? finish the verse  say my name. say my name..haha	0
Say someone was going to have a abortion and they only way they won;t is if you take the kid  would you?  Depends on if its a crack baby. A lot of people are very unhealthy while being pregnant.	0
Say something good that happened to you today  I think my sinuses are clearing up. maybe..	0
Say your driving at night and you see a man on the side of the road screaming for help  do you stop?  same thing again  man nor woman it makes no difference. i would see i suppose	0
Say your driving down the road in the middle of the night and theres a kid on the side of the road screaming for help  do you stop?  Thats a really hard question because ive gotten emails saying that highjackers are using baby car seats on the side of roads to get women to stop and see if theres a child in them and then kill them and take their car! I would kind of think the same thing. I would prolly pull over if Timothy was with me  definantly. But alone i'd have to pass and turn around..contemplating. He always tells me not to stop. cause i used to all the time	0
Say your still driving at night and you see a woman on the side of the road screaming for help  do you stop?  Hmm same thing. i would see i guess though	0
Seriously  what did parents do with those teeth we lost?  lost in the bed sheets yo	0
Should I ask more serious questions?  nahh	0
Shouldn't the opposite of shut up be shut down?  i guesss so. ha	0
siblings?  sister 18r borthers 11  8  8 months :]	0
Since some of you want me to spam them ill spam 10 qs ok if you dont want them ill unfollow you but hit me up quick!!! :))  hahha your fine :) i like your questions.	0
Since you asked me so many questions I figured I'd ask you one...Favorite song  favorite movie  favorite place to visit  this years love-david gray/r sweet november/r destin beach in florida/	0
SMILE4MEXXX IS TRAILER TRASH. A RACIST FAT COW. A BIMBO FUCKING SLUT. AND WORTHLESS AS HELL. ALL SHE'S GOOD FOR IS SOMEONE USING HE BODY FOR SEX AND DUMPING HER ON THE STREET WHEN THEY'RE DONE USING HER ;)  thats not veryy nice :/	1
Sneakers or sandals?  Hmm..depends on if my toes are cutesied up and the outfit ;] but usually sneakers	0
Snow White or Ariel?  ariel. definantly.	0
so ... sober sunday  messed up monday  trashed tuesday  wasted wednesday  thirsty thursday  fucked up friday  shitfaced saturday  whats your favorite day of the week  Umm..sober sunday?	0
so do you believe that ;What Goes Around ... Comes Back Around;?  Yes. Karma? :) its always there. so be nice!	0
so hows life in your neck of the woods?  its life I suppose.	0
So i heard that alot people were complaining on too much spam so now we are allowed 100 only? wow?  thats annoying	0
So tell me  if you came up on a dead corpse...what would you do?  call the police prolly	0
So tell me  where do you think the FS pervs come from? Why do you think they are pervy?  Idk i dont have them	0
so what do you think will last ;Until the End of Time;?  greed.	0
so where are you located and what is it like there? :)  Ohio  USA. And its pretty rad :]	0
soda or Kool aid ??  water!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
Something that happened today that made you angry?  yeah but i dont wanna talk about it.	0
something you regretted after it was done?  no regrets.	0
Sonic or McDonald's?  sonic	0
spam 4 spam?  Yup yup	0
spam for spam? :)  shore :)	0
Spam for Spam? :)  Suree :)	0
Spam me   ill return the favor : )  For shizz lady. :]	0
Spam me? (:  Suree. Spam back please :)	0
Spam me??  Sureee. Let me catch up with my inbox but i'll get too you!! ;)	0
Spam time :))) My questions can be a bit too much so if your not comfortable tell me to unfollow you! Thanks  Nahhh your fine :)	0
Spontaneity or stability?  Spontaeity. hahaha even though i wish i could say stability.	0
still a student??  in my eyes :)	0
Stop asking yourself questions  Im not..:( stop being mean for no reason.	1
Sun or Snow?  Sun.	0
Sunrise or Sunset?  Sunset :]	0
sup? :]  Well..currently its 6:54 am. My love just left for work and im on formspring answering my 38 questions. Thank you. haha Sup with you? :]	0
Surprise parties u2013 yes  or no? Why or why not?  Yes. because they're awesome and I love suprises.	0
Talk about a time when you got into trouble at school  i didnt reallly get into trouble so much in school. I got a like 4 detentions for being tardy in the mornings. hahaha i was bad for that.	0
Talking about pimples lol My friend once asked me can i pop your zit i was like wtf?? nasty!!! Has a friend ever asked you this before?  no lol my sister. but that's different	0
tell me 5 facts about yourself  my middle name is haejin.r I like to think everyone should be nice to everyone. r I have two chicken pox scars on my shoulder &amp; one on my finger.r personally dubble bubble gum sucks. r i enjoy painting.r i could rollerblade 5 miles a day and still never get tired of it :)	0
Tell me about something you really care about?  XD  The earth. People's feelings. the way others react to people having a bad day. Kids :] Learning new things all the time.	0
tell me something about.. SNOW :]  its super cold. you can do my favorite thing in it  snowboard! :) and i know how to make homemade icecream with snow  vanilla  and sugar. its awesome :) haha	0
That's all for tonight  peeps.  Please let me know if you need me to take you off my list.  Some people are being rude about my questions.  Just simply ask to be removed from my list and I'll do so without a complaint.  :)  kkk	0
That's all for tonight  peeps.  Remember to send me a message in my inbox if you don't want any further questions from me.  :)  kkkkkk	0
That's all for tonight.  I'll try and ask more tomorrow  if I can find the time.  Have a good night.  Okaydokay.	0
The Angel Of Death has descended upon you. Fortunately  the Angel Of Death is pretty cool and in a good mood  and it offers you a half-hour to do whatever you want before you bite it. Whatcha gonna do in that half-hour?  Help as many people as I can  that I either do or don't know. As many. Spend all my money  give as much as I can  make a difference. Give all that I can...in one half hour.	0
The Beatles or The Temptations?  Beatles :]	0
The children living next door are being horribly abused by their parents. The only way to stop the abuse is to adopt the children and care for them in your home. Would you?  thats really a hard question. and to be honest i dont think i could care for the amount of children that are being abused and self sacrifice my entire life for them. thats really harsh and makes me sound awful but that exact senario is happening next to my parents house and when i was about 18 i thought that is something i would have been willing to do but now i see them and how far they are that it would almost be mear unfair and unsuccessful on my part for them. its all they know. and if the state wont do anything its sad to say but what could i do by ripping them from the only home they do know and tell them its all wrong. i guess im not that selfless. and its like 12 kids. so that would be a lot. idk. but rightnow  i dont think so. just because im not in any way capable of taking care of them any better rightnow anyways. other than the not abusing them but whats worse?	0
the darkest moment of my life was...  when my little brother was diagnosed with cancer and we all thought we were going to lose him :( it was a dark moment.	0
the genie is about to disappear.. hurry..tell him your last wish  i wish to cure world hunger!	0
THE LAST MESSAGE WAS JUST FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE BEING RUDE IF YOUR NOT DISREGARD!!! :)) SORRY IF I OFFENDED ANY OF YOU!!!  okay	0
The last song you listened to?  Janet jackson. You ain't right. :]	0
the last thing I want to do before I die is...  everything on my bucket list.r skydiver make babiesr grow oldr have a gardenr help someone drasticallyr ..	0
the most ticklish part of your body is..  everywhere :( its awful. ha	0
the only thing that can make me want to jump of a building is ___________.  my hoho went flying out of my hand. Save the hoho's :]	0
They say the garden of Eden was in Iraq. Then where is Hades?  that is a good question.	0
things that you cant leave/live without?  foooooooooooooood! :D	0
Think fast!  Name one song that starts with the letter N!  Numb by linkin park	0
Think of a movie that starts with the letter K  K-PAX. Watch it :)	0
tonight when the darkness comes why dont we treat it like a friend?r Then we'll both be glad to see the night and we'll be hoping it's never gonna end.r So dont be afraid of what the night time may bring  you must understand that you can dream of anything  i likey.	0
toothpaste that you are using?  Colgate i think. its the minty kind :P	0
Top 5 hottest men?  tim.&amp; i dont think men are hot.	0
Trick or the mind or trick of the eye?  trick of the mind and the eye.	0
u ever play beer pong?  yes i have before. many a times :P ha	0
u naked  nopee	0
u00bfListography?  interesting.	0
u30c4 You come across a zombie eating a waffle on a popsicle stick holding a dark green toothbrush. What do you do? o O lol u30c4  Ohh I definantly sit down and talk to him. Seems that he'd be a pretty interesting zombie. haha	0
u32e1What impossible things did you believe today before breakfast?  Turning into a dragonfly and flying around the world. r The sun coming out and shining sparkle onto everyones face.r The entire society except kindness and show it throughout.r All sugar turned to water.r Every little hair on my body wiggling around dancing to the funky chicken.	0
ur having a party and notice a group of people you didnt invite  how do you go about getting them to leave?  tell them. haha	0
ur really odd  you think so :] whys that?	1
Visit? Plz *-* http://www.e-castig.com/index.php?r=R1wwn  kk	0
Was the last time your heart pounded like crazy for a good or bad reason?  Last time me and my boyfriend got pulled over for our license plate light being out. I owe some fines and didnt want to have to deal with that crap. but she didnt do anything. she let us go..thank goodness!	0
Was there anything unusual about your birth?  Idk much about my birth. So idk lol	0
wat concerts have you been too?  aaron carter  bayside  secondhand serenade  hoping for haley  and carrie underwood	0
Watch this video.  Do you agree that these girls are entirely too young to be dancing in such a manner?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjehii-jjHE&amp;feature=youtu.be  Hmmmm	0
we''ll have to make room in the book mom gave you!!!!  hahha i know!!	0
wee.. we are in the same field =) so you mean you haven't start college yet?  yes. Ive had two years. Im on a waiting list for clinicals..which is americas way of being stupid to the people who are trying to get ahead in life..	0
Weirdest pet you have ever had?  hmm..dogs  cat  fish. Pretty average.	0
Well  that's all for tonight.  I'll ask more questions tomorrow night.  Remember to drop me a message in my inbox if you don't want any further questions from me.  Good night!  =D  thanks lady. :]	0
Well I am off for right now. As I said I am still deciding on deleting this account and quitting spamming. Have a good day <3  Dont delete your account!	0
well would you believe that youve got me ;Love Stoned;?  Idk what ;love stoned; is.. so idk haha	0
Were you ever a boy/girl scout?  Nope.	0
Were you ever physically abused?:  Show your face.	0
Wet the toothbrush or brush dry with the toothpaste?  wet it first. always.	0
whare do you live? which countr i mean lol ^_^  USA.	0
what accent bothers you?  i guess all accents are neat and nice in the beginning but to live with it for ever....idk. I cant stand the hick-red neck blahhhh i gotta talk like im stupid and have no knowledge as to what im saying yaaaahhh'lll. UGh. Hate it. haha	1
what advice can you give to a person who is so insecure of you?  to not be insecure of me. what reason have i gave for you to feel this way? haha thats what i would say but idk if they would take it right or not.	0
What age would you liek to get married?  now or in a year or so	0
what age would you like to have kids?  25	0
What amazes you the most?  how crude people are. all people.	0
What annoying habits does your best friend have?  not standing up for herself.	0
What annoys you about living where you live now?  everything!!!!!!!hahaha	0
What annoys you most about living at home with your family?  i live with my boyfriends family and i think that explains it enough	0
What are 3 things that you consider humanely impossible and NEVER being exploited successfully?  Or is anything possible? Explain.  Hmmm.. Perhaps how if we want to take over an entire country we can make sure we do so  but when it comes to third world starving countries..well we can only send so much food.r Another would be how we control missles by satelite and split atoms to destroy anything we want but we cant stop this oil spill. Ohh no. Its out of our control.r &amp;&amp; I guess the inhumane way of growing all our food supplies is something to overlook as well. Only being that the animals literally cant think  move  do anything ut produce giagantic chicken breasts and stand in their own poop their entire life till the stock yards. Sooo its way out of our hands for that as well. r All these things need to be asked to our 'Oh SO lets make a change' president because the way I see it  theres no changes only what the government cares about is what is necessary. and that is wrong.	0
What are some of the major flaws in our justice system? How can we make them more stable?  The most major flaw in our Justice system are the corrupt people behind the surface that keeps the system running for the wrong reasons. Using the government as a face for greed  selfishness  caring less for the good for humanity and getting ahead before another country. r Sadly  we can't make them more stable. There will always be corrupt in the system-therefore never allowing the good for human kind to prosper in the end. Never. Just my opinion though  what do I know.	0
what are the 6 impossible things before breakfast?  1. I am totally able to telepathically read others minds.r 2. Im a fairy in this world here to spread my sparkles in someone elses life.r 3. I can drink an entire gallon of OJ in one drink. r 4. I can make a mess like nobodys business.r 5. Sometimes I eat in my dreams and am so full I don't have to eat for days. r 6. I can change the weather with my emotion alone. :]	0
What are the last 4 digits in your cellphone number?  hmmm ...should i answer this question? ha. Hacker!! jk.	0
what are the last songs you played?  hmm..im currently listening to knock knock on wood . hahahhaha	0
what are the things you are grateful for?  My life. My family. timothy. having all the things I do. Being healthy and happy &amp; able to do anything I want. Being in a country thats free and having the opportunity to do anything I want. And be anyone I want :] im grateful for being loved and wanted by so many people and having an awesome life.	0
what are you afraid of?  creepy people.	0
What are you doing this weekend?  nothing prolly. getting over a sinus infection and upper chest congestion	0
What are you doing tomorrow?  Idont like to make plans. ever. so idk ...you tell me? :]	0
What are you having for dinner? Who is cooking? Do you cook your own dinner?  idk yet. prolly no one cause my boo wont cook anymore for some odd reason and im sick so i wont be eating. usually i do but here lately i havent ate much	0
What are you planning on buying with your first check? What did you buy with your first check?  hmmm i dont remember to be honest	0
What are you tired of hearing about?  bitching. from everyone. be yourself but if you open your mouth and step on toes or say something that isn't what everyone wanted to hear then i should know better. it gets really old!! and im tired of hearing it. either take the truth and listen or dont and move on with your life.!!!!	0
what are you waiting for atm?  nothing	0
What are your day dreams about?  everything	0
What are your parents like?  strict. and fun :)	0
What are your plans for the rest of the day?  Don't make plans.	0
What are your plans for the weekend?  I had a wedding to go to in columbus lastnight and today im just chillin with my baby all day in our new apartment :]	0
What are your thoughts on earwax?  its needed just clean it out so its not too visible. ha	0
What around you could be used as a weapon?  A boa knife by the bed. a in thick lead pipe under my end table and i guess anything thats around..my laptop cords to strangle or we have wood chisels that would take out an eye lol	0
What award would you love to win and for what achievement?  hmm..idk many awards but if there was a kindness award of some kind and it was achieved by helping others. id like that :)	0
What body sprays are better Bath &amp; body's or Victorias secrets ones?  bath and body for sure :)	0
What bothers you the most about society?  how people are endlessly cruel to one another	0
What brand of shampoo and conditioner do you use?  Suave. Its cheap and gets the job done. haha	0
What can you not be trusted with?  trusting others.	0
What can you say about Kurt Cobain? Impress me.  Hmmm. he's an ?	0
What can you smell right now?  nothing. i wish i was smelling food hahahaha	0
What cartoon character would you want to be?  Minnie mouse	0
What character from a movie most reminds you of yourself?  i hate repeat questions. ha	0
What character from a movie most reminds you of yourself?  polly prince on a Along Came Polly.	0
What color is your favorite hoodie?  Hmmm green <3	0
What color is your hair?  chocolate :P	0
What color is your toothbrush?  magenta and white :]	0
What color is your toothbrush?  purple	0
What color leaf would you like to be?  orange. bright orange.	0
What colour are you nails right now?  nothing. toes are pink tho :]	0
What colour is your bedroom painted?  repeat	0
What colour is your bedroom painted?  white. i hate it. we have no choice. were in an apartment	0
What colour is your bedroom?  its not my bedroom . but tan. blahhh	0
What dead person would you least want to be haunted by?  davey jones. haha	0
what did you do last night?  lay in bed with my boyfriend :]	0
What did you do over the weekend?  Laid around with timothy :) watched movies and made each other dinner.	0
What did you have for dinner?  i didnt eat. im sick :(	0
what did you have for lunch?  mandrine oranges and chicken noodle soup. im sick and have been for the last two weeks.	0
What did you think of Eminems video for ;Love the way you lie; (ft Rihanna)?  I havent seen it yet  i really like his cd though.	0
What did you think when you found out snape could have been harry potter's father?  crazyness.	0
What do people most often criticize about you? (If some of these are doules I am so sorry.)  my blunt attitude.	0
what do you always pray for?  the cancer my little brother had to never come back!	0
What do you believe is hiding under the endless miles of ice on the polar ice caps? Will humanity survive to explore it's mysteries?  I dont think we will ever know ALL of what is truly hidden underneath the glaciers and ice caps of the sea but i think there may be creatures beyond our belief. Like an iccey polar dragon :) haha jk	0
what do you cook best?  Rice :] haha	0
What do you dislike the most?  rude people	0
What do you do all day?  keep my mind busy. paint. draw  write. lay out and tan  clean  blahh lol	0
What do you do for headaches?  bash my head against the wall hahaha ;)	0
what do you do when you get upset?  cry like a baby	0
What do you do when you have alot on your mind?  write.	0
What do you dread doing but have to do it?  uhhh not really anything.	0
What do you get tired of in everday life?  the bs.	0
What do you grab to drink when you're hot  sweaty  and thirsty?  WATER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :]	0
what do you like in 'YOU'?  My selflessness	0
What do you like to do on hot days?  lay out and swim :)	0
What do you need to change about yourself?  My anger. I get frustrated to easily. It sucks thinking the world should be nice and everyone should respect one another. Its really annoying :/	0
What do you prefer to drink in the morning?  water.	0
What do you question the most in life?  our reason for existence	0
What do you question the most?  people.	0
What do you tell yourself when times get hard?  itll only get harder. get on with it	0
What do you think about guys who sag their pants?(girls) What's your thoughts on women who's thongs are showing? (guys)  answer to both please :) r I think guys need to pull up thier pants. period. r I believe its sluttyly uncalled for for the thongs hanging out. Keep them in ya scrubbies. Period.	0
What do you think about men who hit women?  I think it's no different than a woman to hit a man than a man to hit a woman  first of all. But up foremost  I believe that If a man is willing to hit a female  whom is half the size  half the strength  half the fury  then the man is half of what a real man is. He's gotta make up for something else if he feels the need to take advantage of a being thats smaller and weaker that themselves or thier own. r r Hence don't think im not a feminist like all other strong figured  well headed  a female can do anything a man can do  but lets face reality and we can't. So when it comes down to it  theres nooo reason a male should ever hit another female. Ever.	0
What do you think about mothers who go out and get trashed? (Personally I think it's irresponsible.)  Irresponsible. Your correct. I think theres  a time to party and a time to grow and and realize that your an adult now. its time for the party to be over!	0
What do you think about mothers who smoke pot while they are pregnant?  I think the same with all substance abuse while mothers are pregnant. IT SHOULDN'T BE USED!!!!! Not drinking  smoking cigs  pot  coke  shooting up  blahh tee blahh...its all the same. Dont do it. I think its very immature  selfish and uncaring for the unborn. They have no choice but to rely on the mother. NO CHOICE. SO as a mother  YOU should make the right choice for them.	0
What do you think about parents who smoke pot around their children?  the same as alchy. its dumb	0
What do you think about parwents who drink alcohol around their children?  its dumb	0
What do you think about people who dip? Like chewing tabbacco  Ewwwwwweyy.	0
What do you think about people who give one word answers to nearly everything?  theyre either trying to get through a bunch of questions or thats all they had to say on the topic of the question	0
what do you think could cause you to explode?  ignorance is reallly annoying. im guessing your meaning my anger? soo yeah i cant stand rudness. its not necessary and I can totally rip a persons head for trying to degrade another. It drives me crazzzy :0 haha	0
What do you think happens to the missing socks that disappear in the dryer?  the dryer eats them.	0
What do you think makes a person snap and kill someone?  I have no clue. What makes anyone do the mean things they do? we're all human. Humans are confusing.	0
What do you think of Christina Aguilera's new vid for ;not myself tonight;?  its good. i like how she incorporated her life in her newwest album. after her having a kid and all..	0
what do you think of Glee?  Glee who? ha	0
what do you think of guys who wear headbands/ponytails?  i like them :) hahaha	0
What do you think of hot dogs?  they are yummy	0
What do you think of my new graphic?  http://poetic-beauty81.deviantart.com/art/A-Rok-Shining-Star-163949988  :]	0
What do you think of my questions?  I think there good :) I like most of your questions most of the time hahaha	0
what do you think of Spiderman without Tobey?  Who's tobey? the green goblin? idk not really a big spiderman fan. I guess he's better without him so he can have the girl :]	0
What do you think of the papparazzi?  Its overated.	0
What do you think of the Saw movies?  i like them. its sick though to think someone thought of all that stuff lol	0
What do you think of women who wear revealing clothing infront of kids?  its stupid.	0
What do you think Victoriau2019s secret is? ;p  haha umm thats on the outside for people to buy beauty is on the skinny models but inside the store there's more for all shapes and beauty is really on the inside. the inside just doesnt sell	0
What do you think would cause mass hysteria?  knowing when your time to die is	0
what do you usually do to relieve yourself from hiccups?  Okay Im super glad you asked me this question  only because its a common misconception about hiccups. Your not supposed to hold your breath. The reason you have hiccups in the first place  is lack of oxygen. So the usual hold your breath till your face turns blue and still keep holding it  isn't what makes them go away. Its the deep breath you take after holding your breath :]r r So to relieve my hiccups  I hold my breath ;) haha only to take a bigger breath afterward.	0
What do you usually drink during dinner?  H2o	0
what do you usually eat? pizza not included haha  Hahaha I like everything thats etiable. :D soooo like chipotle is one of my many favoritees :) r r Buuuuut I really enjoy tacos  kung pao  chicken veggie penne-my creation ;] cajun rice. Pancakes always. I love ALL veggies and fruit is awesome. hahar I also like to try new foods. Exotic things noone would ever try! Ive had Sate Torpedo ;) haha I wouldn't suggest it.r r I don't eat fast food or frozen gourmet meals. Processed food grosses me out :P yukkkkie.	0
What do you value most in your friends?  Honesty. I don't have many true friends.	0
What do you want to see happen before you die?  i can tell you what i dont want to see happen before i die.....	0
what do you wear when trying to get a guys attention?  Elequant. Its how I do. haha Dress nicely. I don't really dress myself to get other guys attention. I like to look pretty is all	0
what do you wear when you want to be the most comfortable?  the most comfortable.. my birthday suit :] haha	0
What do you wish you were doing instead of answering this question?  :)  Answering a better  more creative question.	0
What does it take for you to argue with someone?  them disagreeing with me	0
What does music do for you?  it calms my mind in the world khaos of insanity.	0
What does sex smell like? My bro said like pussy lol  Yeah it definantly has a smell. Distinctly sex smell..haha	0
What does shaving cream taste like?  idk	0
what does teaachgee mean? do you know what emahsnouoy mean? :]  tea ach gee means that i spelled out my initials to be more creative. haha t h g. tosha haejin goodin. tea ach gee. and no i dont know what emahsnouoy means  what is it?	0
what does the last text message on your phone say?  Free cookies at Subway! Start the week off right with a Free Cookie at Subway! Recieve 10 points redeemable for a free cookie with any purchase today.r r Of course it had to be the longest text ever. haha I had a subway card and get those dumb texts all the time hahaha	0
What does the world need less of?  anger and greed.	0
what ethinicity are you? sorry you just looked so tan :)  Haha Half korean. And yes I get super tann in the summer :]	0
What experience has changed your outlook on life?  I've had a lot in the last year.	0
what fascinates you?  people.	0
What flavor of Kool Aid was your favorite?  grape. still is :)	0
What food are you burnt out on?  im sooo hungry now. idk of any right now haha im eating grapes.	0
What gives you bliss?  dove chocolate. haha	0
what gives you peace of mind?  helping someone without them knowing who did it.	0
What has caused you the most physical pain?  physical? hmm..uhh I guess that would be when I crashed going wayyy to fast down a hill on rollerblades in a dress and I fell into dirt that was better than concret but sure felt just as hard. Scraped all my legs  elbows and hands up. It hurt lol	0
What have you come to like though you use to hate it?  sharing my most intimate thoughts with another being  my boyfriend. i used to hate telling anyone anything. but i dont now.	0
What holiday is closest to your birthday?  Hmm easter. its always within a week or so :)	0
what if formspring did not exist?  Idk. I wouldn't be able to talk to you!! :( hahha its taken me too long to catch up on here. I feel like its been forever. :0	0
What if i said i wanted to ;Rock Your Body;?  I would say ok?	0
what if you won't be able to bare a child? will you get a surrogate mother or adopt a child? why?  Hmm thats a tough one. I would hate it if I couldnt' bare my own child. that would be really hard. and i would probably pray my guts out before going the other route but if its enivetable then I guess I would adopt. Surrogate mothers are too hard to trust not them wanting the child in the end..that would be really hard.	0
What in your opinion would be the hardest drug to quit?  its all in your head. soo i'll say  LOVE.	0
What is a act of kindness you have recently done?  ive supported a friend that needed comfort.	0
What is a question you have yet to be asked?  whats my birthstone?	0
what is a z job?  idk  what is it?	0
What is answer you hate hearing?  idk	0
What is boring to you?  being bored enough to get on formspring hahha jk. listening to nagging. i hate nagging.	0
What is cool&amp;hot  and only as smart as the person using it?  a hair dryer?	0
What is happening around you?  nothing. my boo is studying and im FSing :D	0
What is happiness to you?  Confusing.	0
What is it you like best about your mateu2019s personality. What do you like the least?  hes sweet to me and willing to do anything for me. but hes very selfish when it comes to being truely selfless sometimes.	0
What is one item that you really should throw away  but probably never will?  hmmm...my first	0
What is one silly fact about you?  i love being silly	0
What is one thing you honestly could not live without?  My mind.	0
What is one thing you will never do even if paid too?  hooker.hahaha	0
What is one unique thing about you?  I care wayy to much.	0
what is something from your past that you wish you still did? that you are glad you stopped doing?  Softball. Alltime loved sport. It was my haven to this world. Behind the plate I was a superstar and nothing could go wrong. :]r I miss it mostly.	0
What is something fun you use to do with your parents?  vacations.	0
what is something that your mom doesnt know about you?  I have my nipples pierced. ha	0
What is something you have always wanted to know?  repeat question	0
What is something you never want to lose?  my heart/	0
What is stressing you out most right now?  I dont even want to talk about it. and stress is overrated. i just dont like to think about it	0
What is the biggest lie you have been told?  idk	0
What is the bravest thing you have done?  bravest? idk off the top of my head. im pretty brave but idk if ive really had to opportunity to be brave yet....	0
What is the craziest thing you have seen lately?  hmm i havent seen anything crazy lately. Its been more like uhhhh bed. sleep. sick. sleep more. haha	0
What is the craziest thing you want to do?  have babies :) hahah that is pretty crazy.	0
What is the difference in love and in love with someone?  idk what your asking.	0
What is the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning?  go back to sleep! hahaha	0
What is the first thing you think of when you see a cow?  MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!	0
What is the first thing you would buy if you hit the lottery?  hmm..depended on how much and where i was at the time. but if it happened now and where im at in my life currently  I would buy a used car for my bf and then pay the rest of rent off for the year. hahaha	0
What is the first thing you would save in a fire?  pictures!	0
What is the funniest nick-name someone you know has?  Dirt.	0
What is the last store you went to at the mall?  kohl's actually.	0
what is the last thing you did before you went to sleep?  Umm made love to my boyfriend. :] r hahah	0
what is the most embarrassing thing you have every done?  I dont really get embarrassed much. It takes a lot. and i mean a lot. lol I just dont care really what people think and i like to make people laugh so it works in my favor :]r r But i would have to say  for most people...they would find this embarrassing. I was on a family vaca Woowhoo in the smokies  and we stopped on the side of the road to hang out in a creek and i sooo had to take a crap. We were nowhere close to anything and I did in the woods on the side of the road. And of course people pulled right infront of my parents mini and got out to come down in the creek too. I dont think anyone saw me but that was potentially embarrassing. haha My family found it hilarious.	0
What is the most exotic place you have ever been to?  hmm..exotic? i think florida doesn't count but that's about as exotic as your goin to get..haha	0
What is the most expensive thing you have on right now?  nothing. im in jammas and my glasses. haha so i guess my glasses! haha	0
What is the most needed feeling if life?  love	0
what is the oddest place you have been with out a shirt on?  oddest.. umm the driveway. haha i like to layout with out straps! ;)	0
What is the one thing in the world that makes you teary eyed?:  .	0
What is the second most unique thing?  hmmm..I can almost always give any person the benefit of the doubt no matter what. I can find the silver lining in any situation.. :)	0
What is the silliest thing you have done?  silliest. idk haha im pretty silly all the time	0
what is the strongest emotion a human has?  love	0
What is the wallpaper on your cellphone?  A picture of me and timothy when we went on a Riverboat cruise and dinner. It was soo romantic :)  I love that picture!	0
What is the weirdest thing you have overheard lately?  nothing. sorry im uninteresting currently haha ive beens ick	0
What is the worst prank that has been pulled on you?  my parents turned the lights out on my sister and i when we watch the newest Texas Chainsaw Masacare in Theaters. They said they went up to the store...but they didnt  they stayed to torment us...and we thought we were really being attacked or something. My dad crawled in the window.... all the lights off. he made the breaker trip...and we heard cracking floor noises in the kitchen..about shit our pants. all i had was a hanger and thought if anyone had to do anything it'd be me....r So of course i finally made myself around the corner of our room and the lights came back on....not too much later there was nocking on our window and like the dumb crazy person in the movie that you wanna scream at for not just leaving the window alone  i threw up the blinds to see my Dad's face plastered up against the window and hands up scaring me half to death!!! It was awful. I was mad at my dad for like the next 2 or 3 days. hahaha i cried and yelled and i was only like 13 but still. hahhaa it was good.	0
What is the worst thing you have lived through?  Lots of things. My brother overcame cancer at 2 years old. That was prolly the worst.	0
What is unbelieveable to you?  the  way people are to each other.	0
What is ur states largest amusement park?  cedar point i believe.	0
What is your best birthday memory?  My 17th. My family went to Florida Disney World for a week and on the way back they took me to the beach  its what I wanted. I was sick the last 3 days and the entire way home. It was great.	0
What is your best friend's Mom's name?  jennifer	0
What is your current desktop picture?  a sunrise in hot pink orange yellows and blues with a black tree across the skyline and hints of purple. its pretty sweet but it changes weekly usually :)	0
What is your favorite flavor of water?  Lemon :] hahaha	0
What is your favorite kind of potato chip?  grippos :) they are the bomb diggiety.	0
What is your favorite kind of soup?  I like my ma's homemade chicken noodle soup :]	0
What is your favorite movie?  Along came polly.	0
What is your favorite outfit yu own ?  I would have to say currently..r my newest pair of brown skinny jeans and this polester teal crazy print off the shoulder blouse :] I feel super pretty in it!	0
What is your favorite salad dressing?  Raspberry Vinegrette	0
what is your favorite thing to do with friends?  Just hang out. Used to be drink all the time  but ive kinda of had to grow out of that stage. So anymore its having dinner and hanging out till late bullshiting ;]	0
What is your favorite thing to eat with peanut butter?  bananas :]	0
What is your favourite ride at an amusement park?  The beast.	0
What is your general philosophy of life?  Live it  loving and being kind. Kindness is key to everything that brings happiness in life.	0
What is your goal this year?  To survive this crazy thing we call life..	0
What is your greatest regret?  No regrets . truly and ive done some stupid things but i wouldnt be where I am now without them :]	0
What is your guilty pleasure Disney movie?  Disney. Pocahontas by far	0
What is your height in ft/in  centimeters or whatever standard of measure you like :]  60 inches. :]	0
What is your idea of a PERFECT date?  There is no perfect lol but I suppose with a funny guy-polite  random and spontaneous  maybe a night out at a 70's club and dress up go to dinner before. haha that'd be fun!! :)	0
what is your ideal date?  Spontaneousness. As much as I love to get all dressed up and go out to a big super nice expensive restuarant  I'd much rather just be in comfy clothes  go out to grab some chipotle--eating outside of course :] then maybe to the drive in with a buncha snackies and a jug of tea :] lay together with my lovee under the stars and enjoy each other.	0
what is your ideal vacation?  Florida :] always.r But i wanna see the grand canyon.	0
What is your motto?  If it isn't broken  don't try to fix it :]	0
what is your opinion on those people who doesn't mind what others feel?  They don't feel. Theyre are wayy to many people in this world that don't truly care if they hurt anothers feelings. And its like it makes them feel better about themself. But in reality  they're only insecure about something they have to deal with  whether it be personally or physically or emotionally..just because your not happy with yourself  doesn't mean you should try to make others feel worse about themselves. But that is just my opinion and what do I know. Friendliness only gets a slap in the face more often than not. :] pass it on haha	0
What is your religion?  baptist.	0
What is your shoe size?  7 1/2	0
What is your zodiac sign?  aries.	0
What item of clothing do you have the most of?  tanks :)I wear them under everything!	0
What kind of monster did you use to be afraid of?  the creepy guy that crawls in little girls windows and does bad things to them in the night.	0
What kind of mood are you in?  blah	0
What kind of music do you listen to?  Everything!!! seriously.r But when im sad. Ah me by griffen house  I love ADTR &amp; Emarosa any time of the day  anything I can do the robot to and Emmure when Im feeling thrashin :] ha. Ohh and i like instrumental music. Underoaths cd of violins is my all time favorite <3	0
What kind of phone do you want?  I have a chocolate. r A blackberry would be nice to carry I suppose but its a waste of money. All phones do the same for what I need. textingg :] ha	0
What last made you laugh?  I was dancing in the kitchen lastnight while cooking grilled cheese for timmy and we were laughing about it cause i was doing the robot out of the blue :)	0
What last made you laugh?cry?  timothy. Lastnight for both.	0
what made you interesting?  The responses to the questions i've been asked :] and perhaps the questions i ask others. haha idk what your asking.	0
What makes you think a person is creepy?  the vibe they give off	0
What movie did you think was very pointless?  About schmidt. r The only movie I couldnt get through to save my life. And I love Jack Nicholson. But this movie was horrible.	0
What movie do you know every line to?  Shrek	0
What movie has the best soundtrack?  Hmm..broken bridges	0
what movie that you would like to watch over and over again? why?  along came polly. cause its funny	0
What music video would you like to appear in or would have appeared in?  hip hop	0
what nashionality are you?  nationality...tehehehe. Im half korean.	0
what others do you have?  Others what?	0
what part of louisiana was you born in?  fortpolk. a military base	0
What reality show do you wish you could be part of?  Hmmmm dont. i think reality tv should be banned haha	0
what religion are you  if you are one?  Baptist but im solo currently with the whole not going to church and all. I hate the overwelming feeling of having to go to church for the preacher  not the reason..GOd. Its whatever though.	0
What rights should the father have if his unmarried girlfriend wants an abortion?  he should have a right to speak his opinion	0
What ring size are you?: r  Why do you wonder? Show your face.	0
What rock group or star would you like to hang out with?  none. haha	0
What sitcom character reminds you of you?  repeat. but will smith from fresh prince of belair. if he wasn't a dude. haha	0
What song always makes you happy when you hear it?  Ah me. by griffen house :] idk why. It just makes me happy	0
what song best describes you?  ah me. by griffen house.	0
What song did you last sing out loud?  We are family.	0
What thought or message would you want to put in a fortune cookie?  be true to others to hope others will be true to you	0
What time do you have to wake up tomorrow?  Its sunday so i can sleep in :)	0
What time do you usually go to bed?  10ish	0
what time is it where you are?  3:39 pm	0
what time is it?  Here? 7:51 am :]	0
What time is your alarm clock set for?  its not.	0
What to snack on at the movie theatres?  popcorn!!! twizzlers. and some mike and ikes.	0
What trait do you love the most and least about yourself?  My independence.	0
What turns you off?  Stupidity.	0
What turns you on creatively  spiritually or emotionally?  Idk really. I think im an alien :]	0
What type of weather do you enjoy the the most?  summer :]	0
What was cured ham  cured of?  swine flu.	0
What was name of your first pet and why did you give it that name.  Sassy. she was a cat. i hate cat's now. funny and weird huh?	0
What was so great about jumping on the bed as a kid?  you felt like you could fly :D	0
What was the craziest dream you ever had about?  Its so long to explain. lol I have weird dreams that totally blow me away when i wake up. thats all ill leave it at. haha my mind is very creative sometimes . it suprises even me lol	0
What was the easiest time in you life?  when I was a child without any worries :] everything was awesome and all things you did were cute.	0
What was the first thing you thought when you woke up?  The love of my life :]	0
What was the last fight you got into?  Blahhhh	0
What was the last gift that you gave someone?  gift. a necklace	0
what was the last gift you gave?  i think to my brother..for his birthday. :]	0
what was the last movie you saw in the theater? what was the last movie you PAID to see?  Shutter Island for both. paid at the theaters :]	0
what was the last movie you watched?  shutter island	0
What was the last thing to scare you?  hmmm i havent been scared in a while	0
What was the last thing you ate?  mac and cheese	0
What was the last thing you made with your own hands?  A painted wooden dragon.	0
What was the last thing you quit?  Ummm..Im not  a quitter.	0
what was the most awkward situation in your life?  awkward? i dont have too many awkward situations in my life.....so to think of right now idk really..hmmmm ill get back to you on that.	0
What was the most painful thing you had to tell someone?  Painful? I had to tell my parents that I had gotten a dui and was going to jail for 15 days.	0
What was the most recent movie that made you cry?  shutter island	0
what was the weirdest thing you have seen?  umm a homeless guys with blackberry haha	0
what was ur favorite song???  I think the mama song :) hahar It was really pretty and it was the first time I had heard it  so live was awesome.	0
What was your childhood nickname?  t tosh and thats it i think lol miss attitude.	0
What was your fav show as a child?  Doug!!!!!!!	0
What was your favorite book as a child?  Hmmm.. its a tie. I loved all the Bailey School Kids Series and Dr. Suess books. But the BFG. All time favorite childhood book.	0
What was your first impression of me :)?  ..	0
What was your first love like?  im still in love with my first love.	0
What was your last awkward moment?  Hmm we just had one but i cant remember what it was..haha oh well	0
What was your last wish for?  my life to get back on track. ... oops i told. does that mean it wont come true?	0
What were you doing when you found out Michael Jackson was dead?  I was on my way to work. Driving.	0
what were you in middle school?(emo/prep/jock etc?) ya know. lol  Middle school? Well I've never been emo haha but I don't think Ive been any of those. I was really independent from the beginning. Sooo I was the girl that had glasses and wore the straight legged jeans till jr high but was really funny and everyone liked &amp; was friends with anyways. Areopostale was instyle bigtime when I was in middle school so idk I was friends with everyone though. r And I didn't wear makeup till I was a Jr in HighSchool!! haha	0
What were you like as a kid?  Carefree  fun  laughing  giggly  silly girl that loved barbies and using her imagination and learning and acting like she was older and more mature than she ever was.. :) haha	0
What were you like when you were a kid?  fun  outgoing  very blunt  and more like a 16 year old in a 4 year olds body haha	0
What will make you nervous faster than anything?  Being pulled over by the cops.  I hate that.	0
what will you do f you found out that you are adopted?  i would say. cool im adopted?!! haha and then say welp that was a shocker. and go on with life. cause its not by blood who is your parents. its who took care of you all your life and cares for you and loves you! :)	0
What word describes you best?  Intriguing.	0
What word describes you best?  unpredictable.	0
What would be the first three words you would teach a parrot  if you had one?  Eww three more words :] hahar hello. there. goodbye.	0
What would be the first three words you would teach a parrot  if you had one?  timmy. wanna. peanut.	0
What would be the single most worst thing for you to hear?  i hate you.	0
What would be the worst disease to have?  idk there are a ton of disease out there. but if your just wanting a random disease to look up and learn about. Look up INFERTILE SCHITZEPHRENIA. Its when a child or adolescent is very smart but go into stages and suck their thumbs and act as if they are two or three to  get attention. like an adhd child would run around crazily to get attention. its pretty bad.	0
What would be worse; Finding out there is life in space or finding out that there isn't?  worse? that there isn't.	0
what would be your course if your current course didn't exist?  phsycology. i like to learn about the brain	0
what would the worse prank EVER be?  i think the death jokes are worse.	0
What would u do for a cheeseburger? Sex?  No. I dont like cheeseburgers.	0
What would you consider a serious question?  a debatable question.	0
What would you do if a leprecon jumped out of the r bushes and stole your wallet? I would be scarred for life!  hahhaha I would probably die of laughter.	0
What would you do if somehow you caught a STD?  i wouldnt catch one.	0
what would you do if someone said they hated you  to your face? :O  I would say ok.	0
What would you do if the cops busted in your door?  bust their face.	0
What would you do if you found $100 at a movie theater?  look around see if anyone is there  but if im the last one there..pocket it :) haha	0
What would you do if you found out the car you were in was stolen?  wonder why im in it? and whos it was	0
What would you do if you found the wallet of your next-door neighbor who you hated?  Give it back to them. I don't really hate anyone..	0
What would you do if you had a child that was a killer?  kill them	0
What would you do if you lost your bathing suit while you were swimming?  id keep swimming :]	0
What would you do if you were the first person on Earth?  ExpLOrE tHe WOrlD   :D	0
what would you do if you were wading through a river and all of a sudden a fish jumped out of the water and puked on your shoulder and then called you a fucking bitch?  hahha laugh. really hard!! :)	0
What would you do if your partner cheated on you?  Have you ever heard that song by carrie underwood...cheated? that with a little of my own spice. :] ahahaha	0
what would you like for your birthday? :)  something special. my heart's desire.	0
What would you like to have named after you?  a kids cereal. :]	0
What would you like to hear more about?  creative things.	0
What would you like to master?  marital arts haha	0
What year do you or did you graduate high school?  2007	0
what' your favorite blink 182 song?  i <3 blink.	0
what're you holding in your photo? lol just curious :]  Its a chicken finger :]	0
what're you wearing right now?  A cami and gym shorts :] haha	0
What's a subject you wish you knew more about?  Hmmm..I know a lot. Umm I guess psychology. The brain. It interests me just because people are interesting and dumb and so confusing.. I'd like to know more about that. :)	0
What's a word that rhymes with ;DOOR?;  FLOOR.	0
What's a word that rhymes with TEST?  Chest.	0
what's heaven for you?  Seeing all the people that have passed away and just living for yourself and not the worldly pleasures like money and sex and blahhh bull crap	0
what's keeping you busy?  formspringg haha noo..my boyfriend. Were always out staying busy.	0
What's on your desktop?  Formspring. itunes. and fb :]	0
What's one thing you hate the feeling of?  being lied to	0
What's one thing you'd like to do but haven't done yet?  fly in a plane.	0
What's one way people commonly misspell your name?  tasha. instead of Tosha :)	0
What's something random that you're currently loving?  hmmm...the mac and cheese im eating right now. haha	0
What's something that no one else knows about you?  Hmm.. I like to smoke pot a little bit	0
What's something unique about Ohio? :)  We have exits ramps that are for getting on and off at the same time  when most states have them separate. Most people don't realize that :) haha	0
what's something you'd change about urself?  my need to help others so much.	0
What's the best invention EVER made?  toilet paper.	0
what's the best movie you have ever seen?  mr. deeds. hilarious :)	0
what's the best part of your day?  when timmy gets home :)	0
what's the best thing about your boyfriend?  Look below. I wrote an entire book about how he's the best :] haha	0
what's the first job you had?  babaysitting and lawn mowing until i was of age to get a legal job. and that was a gold star chili the restuarant.	0
what's the funnest place you have ever traveled?  Hmm..I guess it prolly be when my family went to the smokey mountians and we stopped by a creek on the side of the road. I had some pretty funny events happen there :]	0
what's the Kindest thing anyone has ever done for you ??  buncha kind things have been done for me. BUNCH!	0
What's the last furry thing you touched?  ummmm..	0
What's the last play you saw?  Vagabond.	0
what's the last thing you ate?  Gogurt :]	0
what's the last thing you said to your sibling?  I love you...? haha	0
What's the longest relationship you have had?  the one im in now. one year and 3 months	0
What's the most recent movie you've seen in theaters?  in theaters....SHUTTER ISLAND	0
What's the most spontaneous thing you've ever done?  Quit my job of a year and half at Kroger to go on a girls vacation after I graduated to panama city  fl. :) I did it in two days and took the money I had to go have fun	0
What's the number one thing you want to achieve in your life?  Success.	0
what's the worst drink ever?  bloody mary. for sureeee	0
What's the worst thing about where you live?  only one car.. :( booo	0
what's the worst thing that a friend did to you?  I had my first 3 way attack on the phone when I was in 8th grade. That was pretty dumb haha	0
What's under your bed? :O  the floor. :P	0
what's up? how's timmy and you? haha  not too much. we're okay! :) hahaha How are you? I missed talking to you actually.	0
What's ur favorite type a cheeeeeeeese?  I love cheese cubes.	0
What's usually colder  your hands or your feet?  Hands.	0
What's your best quote?  live life love	0
What's your best trick?  being able to hide my feelings.	0
What's your dream car?  Currently. the 2010 camaro.r Its so beastttt :]	0
What's your ethnicity?  Korean american i guess. But im the whitest asian chick youd ever talk to :) ha	0
What's your fav brand of chips?  G R I P P O S !!!!!	0
What's your favorite flavor of jello?  Strawberry :]	0
What's your favorite flavored Pringles?  the cheesey kind	0
What's your favorite John Hughes film?  (80's film director)  Dont know of any off the top of my head.	0
What's your favorite kind of cookie?  vanilla version of the oreo :]	0
What's your favorite kind of flower  Wild flowers. <3	0
What's your favorite kind of fruit pie?  apple	0
What's your favorite kind of sandwich?  chicken salad :]	0
What's your favorite music genre?  emarosa. they have their own genre haha	0
What's your favorite music video?  Don't have one really i guess	0
What's your favorite place to be kissed?:  neck	0
What's your favorite place to go in the town you live?  I like parks :]	0
what's your favorite sentimental song?  Hmm..Ah me. by griffen house. it puts me in a good mood :)	0
what's your favorite tv show?  I dont watch tv much  especially in the warmer months.r But if I were to be strapped to a chair and placed in front of a television. It would be how its made or the animal planet :]	0
What's your favorite way of making people smile?  Smiling at them. It seems to work pretty well. :]	0
What's your favorite YouTube video?  the universal dance man	0
What's your favourite comedy on the tv?  I don't watch tv.	0
What's your favourite part of you on the outside and your favourite part on the inside?  outside. smile r inside. personality	0
What's your funny story?  I was two years ahead in college. just graduated hs and feel into drinking. got 2 dui's within 6 months  got accepted into nursing school-something ive worked my entire life for  and didnt go because i thought i was in love and was going to cali with this dude. Got kicked off the nursing list  lost my job  went to jail for 15 days  gotta go to Clermont Recovery Center for drinking  im out a lot of money and still can't get a job due to no money. Therefore i cant get back on the nursing list and cant go back to school until i get a job... So now im just not working. waiting and trying to get my life back together all while i ruined it for a little fun. Thats my funny story. How funny was that?	0
what's your most used word?  just kidding :] ahha	0
What's your motto?  What doesn't kill you  only makes you stronger.	0
what's your nationality?  American korean. So like half korean &amp; half whitee :] But im so the whitest korean  girl you'll ever talk to.	0
what's your real name?  tosha haejin goodin. real as it gets lol	0
What's your second favorite color?  yellow.	0
What's your secret?  that everyone has a secret.	0
What's your song of the day?  ah me by griffen house =D	0
What's your thoughts on fighting?  im a lover not a fighter.	0
What's your thoughts on the Columbine tragedy? Why do you think it happened?  I think it was horrible and people forget that things like that have happened! It happened for reasons unbelievable but im sure its because the kid wanted attention and was just acting out in an insane way. Its hard to know why it really happened.	0
What's your worst habit?  wanting to help everyone but myself.	0
What's your worst nightmare?  im living it. i think nightmares are never worse. you can always find one scarier and more wrose.	0
whats something you always stand up for?  Kindness to strangers.	0
whats the craziest thing you have EVER done?  Hmm.. I've done a lot of crazy stuff. Stupid more than crazy.	0
whats the farthest youve been away from your hometown?  panama city  FL.	0
whats the most entertaining event youve ever been to?  i would say carrie underwood concert. she puts on an awesome show! :)	0
Whats the stupidest thing you ever did with your cell phone?  Dropped it in the sink when I was doing dishes. never talk on your phone and do dishes. Your doomed as soon as you start it..	0
whats you favorite movie of ALL TIME  Love-Sweet November. r Comedy-Mr. Deeds :]	0
whats your favorite holiday?  I think thanksgiving. No gifts and stress. and tonss of FOOD! :] everyone just getting together to hang out and be with each other  thanking for everything we've all got. :] I love it.	0
Whats your favorite j. depp movie?  oh gosh!! i love jd. hmmm.. i really love pirates of the carribean for shiz. but i really liked secret window as well.	0
whats your favorite out on myspace and facebook?  myspace for the freedom of creativity :] and facebook for the social aspect.	0
whats your favourite fruit?  I lovee fruit.r But i would say strawberries. no watermelon. berries! blue  rasp  black..ughhh maybe melon. oh lovee apples and bananas. Hmmm..pineapple. Anything but the little bright red cherries. there imposter cherries. ha	0
whats your favourite number?  2	0
Whats your favourite song out at the minute?  eminem anything! he's whole entire cd willl  be out on th	0
Whats your IQ?  veryy intelligent :]	0
Whatu2019s the best feeling in the world?  accomplishment	0
Whatu2019s the best joke you know how to tell?  I don't really do jokes. They're overated lol and hard to remember. Soo I guess im good at knock knock jokes. Knock knock?? aha	0
Whatu2019s the longest youu2019ve gone without taking a bath?  Like a week.	0
Whatu2019s your favorite kind of doughnut?  oh gosh. bavarian creme. not whipped. creme! and the kind with the chocolate icing on top. i love those things.	0
Whatu2019s your favorite piece of jewelry?  my sweet sixteen ring.	0
Whatu2019s your favorite shoe?  summer sandals	0
when can i see u again?  Always. haha sorry i didnt answer last night. I was half asleep when you called.	0
When did you get your first cellphone?  i was 18	0
When did you last attend a party?  I went to a wedding party this saturday! :] it was fun. I danced a lot ahhaha	0
When did you last receive a text message?  Last night about 11 o'clock	0
when do your boobies make a public appearance?  You really ask a bunch of personal bodily questions. hahar Buuuuut they usually don't . being that they are only enough boob to see that I am a woman ;] haha I don't find clevage necessary to be attractive.	0
When is the last time you cried?  Laswtnight.	0
When people try to make you jealous does it make you mad?  nahh its humorous usually	0
When someone says that something;just;happened  what is the time period That comes to mind?  within a week or two. depends on what they say happened.	0
When was the first time that you had beer?  when i was 20	0
when was the last gift you received?  Flowers from my bf yesterday :)	0
When was the last pity party you held for yourself?  I dont hold them enough i think..	0
When was the last time someone hit on you?  people dont hit on me lol	0
When was the last time something slipped out of your mouth? (WORD WISE.)  It was a while ago but i said f on the phone when i was really upset and talking to my dad. i never cuss in front of my parents. so it was an ooopsie i guess haha	0
When was the last time you asked someone a letter on paper?  HUH?	0
When was the last time you completely broke down?  Lastnight.	0
when was the last time you cried so hard?  while ago..	0
When was the last time you flipped someone the bird?  I don't do that. I think its childish and uncalled for. It ruins peoples day.	0
when was the last time you got drunk?  It's been a while. Prolly like 6 months or so..r Which is pretty good being that I turned 21 on the 17th ;)	0
When was the last time you peed your pants? Explain.  I dont ever rememeber peeing my pants?	0
When was the last time you slept on the floor?  the other night actually haha in the living room	0
When was the last time you thought; what am I doing here?  Last night. Me &amp; My boyfriend went to the store and I started pickin up all kinds of things to buy and was like what the heckk did I even come here for!! :/ haha Thank goodness for my bf having his head on straight.	0
When was the last time you went to the beach? Where did you go?  2007. wow to think about it  it's been too long  anyways.. to PANAMA for a graduation girls vaca!	0
When was the last time you went to the beach?r  2007	0
When was the last time you went to the circus?  Dang like 6 or 7 years ago. Its been a while..	0
When was the last time you were at the doctor? Why?  About a month ago. For my yearly check up.	0
when was the last time you were disgusted by somebody elses behaviour and what did they do?  hmmm..yesterday. My boyfriend and he was being mean. like always... :(	0
When was the last time you yelled?  its been a while	0
When was the last time your inbox was empty? Lol do you remember what an empty inbox likes  not for a while. i havent' been on in a while.	0
When was your last plane ride?  i have never riden on a plane. i know i need to!	0
When you die  would you rather be burried or cremated? why?  cremated because i wanna be spread in the ocean.	0
When you have a dream  is it like one long story that keeps continuing  or is it choppy (at first you're in one place  then you're in another)?  the second one. i can never concentrate. ever. haha	0
When you hear people arguing what do you normally do?  listen. duh? hahaha	0
When you looked at yourself in the mirror today  what was the first thing you thought?  i need to shower. haha	0
When you packing your stuff to leave and go somewhere for awhile  what is the first thing you make sure you have?  enough undies!! :)	0
When you say you don't care  do you mean it?  not always. but i don't say idc very much. haha	0
When you were little  what did you want to be when you grew up?  A writer. I wanted to be a writer creative novelist so bad.	0
When you were little did you ever ask your parents to buy you an umbrella rainbow hat? i did haha!!!  Nope. hah that'd be a good story to tell though if i did	0
When you were little did you ever go ahhh infront of the fan?  yup sure did	0
When's the last time you've been sledding?  last snow season	0
where are yew from?  O H I O	0
where are you from thn ?  Where am I from? Ohio in the united states. I was born in Louisiana.	0
Where did you lay down last at?  my bed? haha	0
Where did you learn how to drive? I learned in the freeway lol i was paranoid as fuck!!!  on roads?	0
Where do you buy your groceries from?  kroger babay. its soooo better than walmart.	0
Where does most of your family live?  O H I O :]	0
Where does the toetag go on a dead person if they don't have toes?  On the nub? haha	0
where in ohio are you from?  Cincinnati. You?	0
where in the World do you live ?? I am in Wyoming in the States  OHIO in the states. hahahaha	0
where is Old Zealand?  i didnt know there was an OLD zealand.	0
Where is your biological mother right now?  Idk.	0
Where was the last place you visited for days?  my parents	0
Where were you born?  fort polk  louisiana. in the united states. it was a military base.	0
Where would you be able to spend hours and be happy?  in my head.	0
Where would you bury hidden treasure if you had some?  In a graveyard. Muuuuahhhahaha	0
Where you do want to grow old?  Somewhere in my own land  living off of what I can do and grow and live. be self sustainable and not apart of society.	0
where you from??  ohio  usa	0
Which are better:  Legos or Lincoln Logs?  Legos.	0
Which cartoon character do you resemble the most?  tommy pickles. from rugrats	0
which celebrity do you think  is the most overrated?  hmm..paris hilton	0
Which do you think is more likely  aliens or zombies?  both. hahaha aliens may not be these crazy green martians that have lasers for eyes and slime coming out of their heads..but just another form of being from another planet or galaxy. So i believe in aliens. yes. :) r as far as zombies. i believe it'll be  not in my generation or kids generation hopefullly.. but it'll be a genetic mutation that takes over the brain-that is created by some idiot scientist that works for the government and wants to take out a country or some kind of blahh bullshit. and it'll become out of control. and take over. i believe this  one day..somehow . somewhere. it'll start and its already slowly taking hold of society	0
which do you think is stronger: love or happiness?  happiness. always.	0
Which do you use more  your computer or your mobile phone  hmmmm.. prolly computer honestly	0
which is better  twitter or formspring?  formspring	0
Which is better yogurt or pudding? What's your favorite flavor?  Yogurt!! and blueberry :]	0
Which is more annoying  being caught in the rain without an umbrella  or finding out you don't have enough money to pay for something you really need?  the 2nd one!!!	0
Which is more appealing to you?  Sun  moon  or stars?  Stars :]	0
Which is the song that makes you cry?  Hmmm i dont have one right off hand?	0
Which is your favorite day of the week? why?  thursday. its always overlooked. ahaha	0
Which Power Ranger is the best?  The yellow one!	0
Who are the 3 most overrated musicians?  Hmm..overrated?r r Taylor Swiftr Jonas Brothersr Miranda Lambert	1
Who cooks best your mother or your father?  depends on what they're cooking. my dad makes amazing lasagna  chili and veggie soup. but my ma makes awesome fried chicken and wedges and mashes taters and baked ham.oh my!!	0
Who do you want to grow old and grey with?  Timothy	0
who inspires you the most?  GOD.	0
Who is the biggest gossiper you know?  My grandmother. It's pathetic really.	0
Who is the most annoying celebrity?  paris hilton	0
Who is the person you trust most?  God.	0
Who is the wind beneath your wings?  God.	0
Who is your favorite comedian?  i really like dane cook	0
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?  didnt get into star wars much actually	0
Who is your idol?  GOD	0
Who is your loudest friend?  me.	0
Who was the last person to call you?  dad.	0
Who was the last person to make you laugh the hardest?  Timmy. He held me down and tickled me	0
Who was the last person to piss you off?  timothy	0
Who was the last person you hugged?  timothy.	0
Who was your first celebrity crush?  didnt have one	0
Who were the last people you ate with?  timothy. and my fishy Arnold. :) I named him Arnold after the tv show hey! arnold. Have you seen that movie?haha	0
Who would make a better spy...a woman or a man?  depends on who their spying on.....	0
Who would you most like to be stuck in an elevator with? Least like?  Hmm..a new person that likes to talk and is intersting. least like....a creepy stalker dude.	0
Who's better?  Superman or Spiderman?  spiderman.	0
Who's the most talented person you know?  hmm ...my daddy :)	0
Who's your favorite superhero?  Ehhh i guess spiderman	0
Whom do you most look like in your family?  my sister. :0	0
Whos the best person to talk to online?:  i like talking to jenny	0
whose betaa www.formspring.me/KayDollBitchh or www.formspring.me/rubinathy15  why dont you find out and get off my page? Mmkayy thanks. :)	1
whwhwhwhoa just slow down. huh!? what do you mean they blew up the death star? f*****ck! F*ck! F*ck! F*ck! F*ck! F*ck! whos they? what the hell is an aluminum falcon  huh?	0
Why are people being so hateful?  idk. how are they being hatefull?	0
Why are people so fascinated with when the world is going to end?  idk. but you seem to be one of those people. i think ive answered 6 questions about the world ending	0
Why are people so mean about prostitues?(No I don;t support their life style.) I mean most of them are scared to die if they do not do what they are told.  I don't know really. You ask a lot of prostitue questions though  I'll tell you that. haha i guess because they've prolly never grown up being told thats not how life should or has to be..	0
why arent you wearing pants?  How'd you know that  im in gym shorts currently?	0
why did you choose nursing?  my little brother had cancer when he was 2. thats what i can honestly say made me want to become a nurse. helping people. I feel its something I can do :] r And I like to talk and keep spirits up sooo it fits me i think..	0
Why did you make a FS account?  because myspace is dead and FB is overrated. :) plus to expand my brain powers	0
why do butterflies die after a week? (you can make a creative answer =)  do they die after a week :(	0
Why do doctors leave the room when you change? They're going to see you naked anyway.  Comfortness.	0
Why do girls let their guys do it anal? like i think its like leading my man to go fuck a guy!!! Thats a no no to me!!  I dont. and yes i see what your saying but not really cause guys are different than how we think. I think it more the forbidden territory to them so that's why they get so turned on when thinkin about doing it in the butt. haha Just don't do it  if your not comfortable doing it.	0
Why do hot dogs come in packs of ten while hot dog buns only come in packs of 8?  To make life a little less inconvient for the every day hot dog eater.	0
Why do most people feel the need to be better than someone else?  We're all Human. its in some ours genetics i believe.	0
Why do people always think something can't happen to them  until it does?  the perks of being human i persume.	0
Why do people fear for no reason in your opinion?  excuse to stand out about something	0
Why do people feel weird when they forget their cellphone?  because so many people revolve they're lives around their cellulars. its pathetic really.	0
Why do people get smart attitudes for no reason?  I think there are always reasons. of course ;]	0
Why do people kill themselves if a certain person does not love them?  Because they feel they have noone else that will love them. but truly i dont understand why people do that?? its very confusing to me. There's only about a biazillion people in this world that you can meet and fall in love with...why end it for one individual. theres so much more out there!	0
Why do people say ;be yourself; then they dislike people for being themselves?  thats a good question. r I don't understand that either. because this world is all backwards and people say all kinds of things that they dont mean but it doesnt mean they will do what they say. beauty of being a human. say what comes out of your mouth but your body does what your mind thinks  not what your mouth says.	0
Why do people think that swaying their arm back and forth would change the direction of a bowling ball?  Gravity.....?	0
Why do they put crutons in an air tight sealed bag? They are just pieces of stale bread to begin with  right?  Cause they'll get more stale and soft. Duhhhhh?	0
why do we say ;heads up; when we actually duck?  because your supposed to look up and be aware something is going to potentially hit you in the head..therefore i do look up just quickly and aware!! you should do the same. think about it! :)	0
why do we yawn when we see other people yawning?  reaction. its weird but  i love it haha	0
why do you act the way you do?  It was mostly how i was raised and how i like to act myself. personally i like the way i am :]	0
why do you like being spammed?  i dont mind it because it gives me questions i guess	0
Why do you press harder on the remote-control when you know the battery is dead?  hope that it'll work? haha	0
Why do you think people contintue to argue even though one of them is ready to end the argument?  because there is nothing else to do.	0
Why do you think people cuss or curse?  because they have nothing smarter to say	0
Why do you think people get irrate over little things?  nothing else to do in life.	0
Why do you think people give smart ass answers to questions?  yes	0
Why do you think people have unprotected sex?  because they dont care	0
Why do you think people join gangs?  i have no idea. nothing else to do in life..	0
Why do you think people lie?  because they have nothing better to say	0
Why do you think people stalk other people?  yes	0
Why does a round pizza come in a square box?  I've soooo wondered that too!	0
why doesnt Tarzan have a beard?  he shaves.	0
why doesnt tarzan have a beard?  idk . good question.	0
why doesnt Winnie the Pooh ever get stung by the bees he messes with?  causes they can't have violence in the kids show. come on you knew that..hahah	0
why don't u answer ur phone?  idk dude. why do you call so much haha	0
Why doy ou think we are greedy? Is this by nature? Or do we learn it?  Because of selfishness. and this is not by nature!!!!!!!!!!!! learned and accepted. if you want to be greedy you will  if not...you wont. It's that simple.	0
why is it that another persons actions bother other people so badly?  idk. people have nothing else to concern themselves with other than what they can pick apart from other people. its a way to take attention off of their own flaws i believe.	0
Why is it that some of us are cursed to constantly think? While on the other hand other people so rarely do so?  i have no idea. but its prolly because of where our priorities lay.... compared to the others that dont think. where are theirs?	0
Why is it when something doesn't work we have this urge to physically abuse it?  control issues i guesss	0
Why is sex so talked about?  i didnt know it was	0
Why is there a disclaimer on the Allstate Auto Insurance commericals that says ;Not available in all states;?  I have no idea. Haven't seen the commerical.	0
Why is there so much hate on FS?  Idk really. I never get hate on here?! :/	0
Why is Tyra(nasurus) Banks such a dumb bitch?  idk. i didnt know she was?	0
Why isnt there a mouse flavoured cat food?  i dont think so?	0
Why or why not should I delete my FS?  Because I want to ask you questions!!!! DONT DELETE your formspring!! :{	0
Why'd you go to jail?  if your going to ask a question like that don't you think if im going to be honest with you  you should give me the respect of knowing who you are?	0
whyy dose rubinathy15 ask stoopid questions? erase the dum betch  why are you talking to me in anonymousness? be a man. show your face. Hahah	1
Will this weekend be a good one?  Idk  I don't really look forward to the weekend. Just means there's another week coming ahead.	0
Woot woot got a mytouch today lol just thought id share that with yall  nice. rub it in hahaha	0
Worst childhood memory?  i dont like to recollect worst thing in my life.	0
worst food you've eaten that you almost throw up?  sour krawt. i hate that stuff for some reason.	0
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?  hahahah idk.	0
Would it bother you to never have personal time?  yes it would. it does now sometimes	0
Would u rather be a flaming gay handicapped nigger with cherubism or a white trash skitzopherenic amputee with turettes?  i guess if i HAD to choose..the second one. at least with turettes i could make ppl laugh! :]	1
Would you act differently if you were rich?  i dont believe so. only that i would help more than i do now.	0
Would you actually want to live forever?  no i dont think so. i think it would prolly get lonesome watching everyone you grow to care about die and go on with out you. knowing that you'll never die.	0
Would you be a pirate?  yes of course. i would love to be a pirate. always. errrgg.	0
Would you be able to make it through basic training for the military?  yes i think so	0
Would you be afraid to find out someone you knew was in a mental hospital before?  nooo. id find it interesting to be honest.	0
Would you be willing to become extremely ugly physically if it meant you would live for 1 000 years at any physical age you chose?  yes.	0
Would you be willing to commit perjury in court for a close friend? What if your lie would save his life?  yes	0
Would you be willing to commit perjury in court for a close friend? What if your lie would save his life?  yes i think so. if it need to be necessary.	0
Lmao You So Dumb! One Tv SHOW and You Said a Whole TV CHANNEL... Lol. Anywho  How Are YOU Mr. Ching? :-)<br>  LMAO AH SHEESH CAUGHT ME  SEE THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THAT KUSH KICKS IN  MAKES YOU FORGET SHYT LOL  N IM GOOD MAMA WBU??	1
809 9501 <----Alexis&#39;s Phone Number   Ima post It On Myspace!  You little bitch ! haha &amp;you bettter nott ; ill kill you <3	1
ayee that tootsyy girl iss fuckkin F A K E  Yeah I know she was writing her own questionss funny shit	1
Bitchezz beloww me I would say ur name but yeww put it on anonymus pussy ass bitchez talkin shit on Alexis she ckan show Herr  fuken boobs if she wants don&#39;t be jealous cuz yeww prolly don&#39;t gawt any it&#39;s ok tho and bitch wen she sayz write to her she  Lmao   haters<3	1
Bitchh really yur saying shez fat now bitch yur probly the fat lonely ass flat chested bitch who ckant get none so stop hating AND PLEASE BITCH TAKE YUR SHIT OFF ANONYMUS DUMM ASS BITCH !!!!!!  Lol the day the bitch takes it off anonymous is the day she grew some balls!	1
BJ or HJ?  OMG . :o lolz	1
dayumm stupid fuckin cunts stop talking your shit get a fuckin life go suck your moms dick and chock on it dayumm lil pussys take it of anonamis or watever -stephanie iloveyou alexis :)  Haha I knoow huh but they don't matter(: I love youu too Stephanie<3	1
Did u now tht ur ugli  I lovee ahh haterr<3 but did you know that your uglier than my dogs shit? Nahh juss kiddin I'm not a bitchh like youu(:	1
Do u wnt 2 suk my dick?  Umm i don't wanna catch anything :/ sorry(:	1
DO yOU WATCH PoRN?  Haha funny question(: i would answer you butt it doesn't mattr <$	1
Dumb bitch! Fuchkkk you and your stupid friends! Your all pussies! None of you can handle on your own! You always need your friends to get in everything!  Your honestly waisting m time but whtevrr.. I don't care wht you think juss come and say it to my face..	1
fuck the lakers! GO CELETICS  NOOOOO! Fuck YOU &amp;your Celetics(:	1
FUk you yall betches!!  If this is Arron you really need to get off my ass! Call me a bitch idc I know I am! But I think your retarded&amp;&amp; hella ugly!!! &amp; dont put a pic of your body only wen you don't got a nice one :D and naah nigga fuck YOU!	1
go 2 hell  afterr youu !	1
Hey bitch boobs don&#39;t count when the only reason you have them is because your FAT!!!  Fat or skinny I still got em   way better than having NOTHING ! Get a life bitch and get off anonymous with this bullshit.	1
Hey bitch don&#39;t get mad at people who write on here cause YOU ask people to write to you.  Hey bitch  who said I was mad ? Assume whtevr but if your gonna talk shit put your name alright?	1
I hope yhu dnt thinkkk yhur prety casue yhur not!  Well you're uglierrrr(: your life juss get lowerr each day. So keep talking your shit.!	1
i lovee youu alexiss<33r and i hate dominic(:  I love you too<3	1
im gnna fxk u up!!!!!! ur a dum hoe  Take your shit off anonymous and then we can talk . &amp;you probably know what being a hoe is all about bitch.	1
Kikk her ass?? VVV haha wtf try her bitch i dare yuh!!!! ily alexis  Lol   ily too!!	1
Liar you don&#39;t have a bf! VVV  Lol I know this information(: Thank Youu	1
Meanzz to ask her questions and stuff nawt talk shit on anonymus pussy ass bitchez watever tho yew guyz don&#39;t mean shitt to her and don&#39;t affect her so be a bitch to Someone who cares pussy ass fuken ugly bitchez fukk youu!!!!! Love alwyz marissa <3 ily a  Got that right(: I love youu too<3 Maybe the pussy ass bitches will say it to my face one day !	1
Oh ISSS THAT FAGGOT ISAYAH GOIN TO BEE DER???  Is your mom gonna be there??? Fuckk you bugg!! and it takes a faggot to know a faggot hunnyyy	1
Remember that gurl u fight last year?  Hmm; maybe why? She wants another ass beating? Lol jkk	1
SARAH STANFORD TAKES IT UP THE BUTTHOLE.  Youur mean stop hating :)	1
the fukk?  Wht?	1
Tootsy is eww  She gonnna kick yoo ass :0 lol	1
VVV so you have nutts? i knew it. hahaha  Yea maybe you should grow some and take it off anonymous next time (:	1
Wait Nevermind I Am Signed In  Dumb ass(:	1
Why r u such a bitchh??? I hate u I&#39;m gonna kick ur ass whore!!  Your the bitch for having it on anonymous . Do you honestly think I care if your low life ass hates me?? Your probably ALL talk so just shut up now !	1
Y do u hang out wit dat eZ girl? U int evn eZ gurl pik a betr friend  Well don't hate on whoever your referring to.	1
YHUUU READY TO GET YHUR A$$ BEat THIS SATuRDAYY?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!!!??!?!????!?!?!?!?!?!!??!!??!!??!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!???!?!?!?!??!?!?!?  You can try  but it won't happen.. I don't know why your ass is still talking to me.. I don't like to talk to ugly bitchessss	1
Your a S l U t  I don't recall becoming you.  but if you say soooo	1
YOUR NOT FAT ALEXIS!! SHe&#39;S THE FAT ASS lOW LiFE BITCH!!!  Haha thanks (: who are youu ?	1
Your to young what love is bitch so do you use it!!! Dumb whore put your boobs away!!!  Get some boobs   &amp;a life !	1
Your ugly x)!  Thanks but I think you need Jesus in your life	1
- YO fAt ASS !  Yodda!	1
!m@ b3 pu++!n d!$ pu$$zzy 0n y@ $!d3 burn$ !n @ $3c0nd. @l$0 ! D0 d@ b3$+ d33p thr0@+ !n d@ vv0rld. ! C@n $h0v3 13 !nch3$ d0wn m@ +hr0@+ @+ 0nc3. ! @!n+ ly!nq  well lemme trow mine dnt yo thoart nd iDnt eat pussy so ya wont be duin daT	1
aye dhis daddy pelt  wtf get outa hea bxtch!!	1
B!+(h !M@ B3 PUMP!N D!S$Z D!(k !N Y0 3@R S0 H@RD DAM BRUH I BUST3D A L0@D 0F CUM !N MA M0MMASZ HA!R SH3 MO!STURIZIN IT DO3. I P!CTURE Y0 VA@GIN@ T0 BE3 ALL H@!RY N $$H!ZZZZ W@!T T!L ! MUNCH ON DAT N@PPY BROWN H@!RY H@!T!@N PUZZIE  hoe ass bxtch how bout ya show yo face pussy..nd stop kuming hidden...So how bout ya suk mi dik nd die slowly	1
bitch i can rap beta den yo ugly ass  lol go suk my dik nigka kum check outside lakes park n we will see...Who diz anywaysz???	1
bitch you kant rapp niqquh.!  suk my dik pussy	1
bxtchh who yew twakinqq tew  lol yew duh !!	1
did alix suk yu up  wtf bxtch iAnit gayy nd no da fukk he anit lyke wat iLuk lyke iOnly do gurlz now clea it! Bxtch !!	1
do yew kno yew uqlyy as fukc?  do yew kno dat yo mom iz stank ass hoe lmao	1
fU(K m3 !N dH@ A$$H0l3  hell no !!!	1
how dem tittties. i herd dey stil qrowin.  lol dnt got none	1
http://www.meatspin.com/  wtf???	1
i h3rd yUh sU(k3D @L!X&#39;s D!(K n y@LL cUM3D !N 3@(H 0+3RszZ 3Y3sz N m0@n3D @ll n!qH+ l0Nq  wtf bxtch get da fuk out hea wid dat ish WUT I LUK LYKE !!!	1
I LUHH DHAT PIC NEGRO ITSZS SEXY LEMM3 SUCK Y0 D!K????  lol yew sure kan	1
I WUNT YO CUM ON MY LIPSZ.  ohkay tell mi when nd where	1
IMA BITE DA TIP OF YO DICK OFFF N SPLATTER IT INTO ITTY BITTY PIECES  oh naw iAnit on dat ish iNeed my dik	1
is u gay  hello no bxtch clea itt of mi ish!!!	1
iz yyo cum realie gray????  umm wtf?	1
KUM ON DEN WIT DAT BIG DICK  yew gotta tell mi wea ta kum at	1
lmfao shxt dhatss whyy dheyy anonymouss ckuss dhem hoess nastyy n i saiid dnt get hurt ckuss yew bee gettinqq slickk n dnt bee fuckinqq wit mhe  lol ohka	1
lolss iknoo yew do n gurl shut up yew anonymous im through argureinqq wit yew  lol wow	1
-lolss yall hoess desperatee ass fuckk myy niggahh dont want yall brahh get real lmao deep throat hoee yew nastyy dhat shxt aint ckutee watchh yew gon catchh sum shxt hoe like seriouslyy dhat aint ckute anywayss sliden daddyy.*  lmfao iFeel ya	1
n!qq@ d@+ p!( s3xY b!+!n y0 l!ip i fU(k!n lUh yUh n3qr0  lol who diz?	1
n!qq@ l3@v3 @l!X @l0n3 H3 m!N3 n!qq@hH  wtf do iLuk gay datz mi homeboi	1
NIGGGA YUH LOOKIN GUUD L8LY  ...	1
NIGGGAH ISZ YUH CIRCUMSIZED  kum luk bxtch	1
OMMMMF ! omq m@ b@3! D!$ $h!+ cr@zy ! N33d yo d!ck  mhm ohkay	1
Seee im makin u famous dese girls crazi dawg  lol nigka suk a big ass dik	1
she askinq you do you have a pull back slow boy  wel;l she anit writing properly dumb bxtch md how bout yall kum luk	1
u are sooo nastyy !  naw im juz freaky	1
uhmm bestie... y dnt u evr get da braces?? ya teeth are fcked up???  Lmao who diz ? nd iDnt have all mi teeth so suk a big slab lol	1
Vv3 h@d $3xx d@ 0+h3r d@Y @nd y0 p3n!$ $m3lt l!k3 p!zz@. D@$ q00d. @nd y00 cum +@$+3 l!k3 (h33$3(@k3  no we didnt	1
Wood you smash tevon k33n???  bxtch iAnit gay cleaa it	1
would yuh eva fuk a gurl named Zurii ??  y Not she a gurl rite nd she got a pussy !!! lol hehe	1
y0 d!(k !$Z SM@LL  nd no itz not yo moma anit say ish...but yew want it doe	1
y0 lip bitin pic uqlie azz fuck!! n ya dick small alix told me!! nigga yew juzz ugly!!  Bxtch fuk wrung wid yo no lyfe aihh nd anit gay so alix anit see mi dik so get ghost fuk face hoe !!!!!!!!	1
Y3@@@ NIGG@ YUHH LUUK GAY  bxtch suk mi slab nd get lost ... YODA!!!	1
YEW EVA CUNSIDERED SMASHIN A WHIT3 GURL WIT NICE NIPPLES?????????  sure nd iHave smashed a white gurl	1
YO VAGINA FLAPPY  LMFAO iDNT HAVE ONE	1
yu a dam lyee mikey yu kno ya mom behh tearn ya asz up.  lmfao wea yew get dat from	1
YUH FUCKIN S3XI ASZ LIP BITIN NIGGA  Thankz	1
yuh n333d @ d!(K iN y0 m0utH  datz wat yo mom need bxtch ass hoe hoop da fuk up off mi ish...nd kum swallow my bulletz hoe !!!!!	1
yuu kno yuu so lame? ndd yuu caint tlkk to that muchh qurls hav yuu seen yurselff hahahahahah noooo  bxtch have yew seen yo self r ya ugly ass	1
FUCK YOU YOU SON   Mhm! By who? Haha don't be anonymous pussy.	1
hello mr gay fuck  What's up mr. pussy?(: Say shit to my face.	1
i am being for realr This is Tatum.  Thats cool IDGAF who you are!! Get off my dick like for real!! Later	1
I wanna fuck you.  Oh? Thank you!	1
lol ok now ur just straight up lying. faggot.  Yahhhhhhhh cause you know my whole life right? Get off my formspring and stop asking anonymously pussy duecessss!	1
ok this is tatum krista&#39;s friend this is her profile thing and i wanted to go on hers cuz she told me she had ?s on herer she didnt answer cuz there stupid and i wanted t oread them so i did but she told me about you and she is not obsesed with you  Haha whateverrrr dude you don't even know anything she does. I don't even fucking know you! You don't even fucking know me! Like seriously get the fuck off of my profile like for real im done with her bullshit it's fucking annoying. You can ask anybody ask any of my friends. She is fucking obsessed GOODBYE!!	1
see i told u tht u r a playa. stop playing girls u cunt..  Yuup say shit to me in person not over formspring bitch.	1
she is not OBSESSED with yor and ya i know like everything about her and she knows like everything about me we are like sisters but not really but we seem like it i can do what ever the fuck i want  Ha I will juss block you. Dueces crazy ass bitch.	1
This is not ;Krista; for the last time I have no flippen idea who ;krista; is  Your fucking stupid!!! You didn't put your name as annonimus fucking retard!!! Fucking leave me alone stupid kunt dueces!!	1
u kno u want to fuck me.  Hahh who is this?	1
who tha fuck is ;Krista; r this is not ;Krista;  Im not stupid. Fucking leave me alone your a crazy bitch that needs to get over me. Stop texting me every second of the fucking day! EVERYONE THAT IS READING THIS< KRISTA IS AN ANNOYING BITCH THAT IS OBSESSED WITH ME AND SPREADS RUMORS ABOUT ME BECAUSE I DONT LIKE HER. I FUCKING HATE HER!! LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!	1
wow ur girl ;dani; has a lot of guys on her top...but i&#39;m sure u have nothing to worry about. (;  Nope I don't have anything to worry about dina. Because I trust her.	1
ya i know cuz i am letting you know who this is. r my name is Tatum Not ;krista;  Your fucking stupid like seriously mentally retarded stupid! Laterrrzzz	1
YOU ARE MEAN  Thanks	1
.. STFU TABI ... you may not be fake .... but your a bitch annd need to go back to Idaho .. HOEEE ... orr just go to W&#39;ford.. your better off ther anyways (: .. you have like 1 maybe 2 friends in brock  soooo leave  haha okay jordin	1
...If you want to go back to Idaho so bad why dont you??? ... Texas doesnt want you here anymore than you want to be soo .. just leave!!!  i would if i could. and texas is a state. if you want me gone so bad buy me a plane ticket hoe.	1
Any chance if I have a shot with you? I LOVE girls drugs and sex!  So tell Justin boy to fuck off? Pryce  i dont really no what to say to this.. :/r justin is my friend and im not going to say that to him.r andddd........	1
are you bulimic?  jesus  freaking no. im just really upset and confused and it makes me feeel like i have to. stfu.	1
Ballfuck  she&#39;s real. Get over it. vv  thankyou!!!	1
Besides  the chick who&#39;s starting shit won&#39;t back it up and isn&#39;t even saying who SHE is.  amen! hahaha  its pretty much just annoying now  except its kinda a compliment people think im fake :)	1
C cup or B cup  how about a big cup of stfu?	1
damn go jack off watching a monkey DAMN  well	1
damn. Flirting with another girls boyfriend. Idk what you call that where your from but in america that&#39;s what you&#39;d call a whore...  ummmmmmmmmmmmmm. i didnt no  and we were joking around the hole time. and no actually i think thats just called being ride  and i'll say sorry to the girl if i have to idc	1
dearest babydoll  vv Stop trying to start shit &amp;&amp; grow the fuck up. I mean really? Is this what you do for a living is ask people if they&#39;re fake &amp;&amp; ruin peoples lives? Grow some balls  grow up  &amp;&amp; stop starting stuff(:  :) awhhhh thankyou	1
Do you lick dick?  hahah WHAT???	1
Do you want me to rain on their parade? Sure hate ignorant Texans who believe that being from Texas gives them the right to act like low level scum suckers. The need to live in the real world and pull their head out of that dark place they have it shoved.  amen	1
eat a dick you complain about texas all day shove it it! you just got told your suck a dick! so eat one  ummmm your great	1
Ever been called a whore?  oh man  and it hurt sooo bad ;) haha people who say that dont no me.	1
fake doesn&#39;t mean you look pretty?  okay  welll the question that was asked was if i was fake  as in useing someone else pictures off the internet. and really i take that as a compliment because all the people who are ''fake'' i think look reall pretty soo stfu.	1
Girls just wanna be you Tabi since they&#39;re using your pictures. You&#39;re obviously hot (; SHE&#39;S REAL DUMB FUCKS.  hahaahhaha  im starting to take it as a compliment lmao hahahah. :DDDDDDD	1
Hahaha ohmyGod you are an actual jerk  okay.	1
HAHAHAHA. I LOVE how they post everything anonymously. TABI ISN&#39;T FAKE. If anyone is fake it&#39;s that Cheyenne girl. Seriously  just leave Tabi alone  you dumb good for nothing people :D  hahah thankyou!! :D	1
Hahahahahhahaaha  >:l shut up dumpster baby.	1
Here&#39;s an idea  how about stop trying o get hook up with Tabitha and actually find someone who can suck you 3inches dick  hahaha doubt that will ever happen. No girl likes a pevert and a douche(:  :D your perfect.	1
Hey  stupid people! See everyone here who knows Tabi in real life? Yeah  if you&#39;re that retarded to still call her fake then you should not be operating a computer. Just saying.  hahahahahahahhhahahah oh my god i love you.	1
Hey all you idiots this is Tabi&#39;s sister and I know she isn&#39;t using any fake accounts so leave her alone already?-  Sam  hahahaha thanks. they think i am using fake pictures  like this isnt me	1
Hoe  okay  do you really have nothing better to do  and i know who this is because there are only a couple people who dont like me  soooo. probably just say it to my face  or ill just come talk to you :)	1
How&#39;s having like no friend&#39;s ?  hmm im not sure  i'lll tell you when that happens. i have plenty.	1
I fucking hope you move you bitch!!!!  good thing your not even showing your name. and i did to you was say i didnt wanna go to brock?	1
i have been the one who has been calling you a hoe and shit cuz bitch justin has a fucking girl friend so back the fuck off and quit throwing your self at him. your a whore.  ok  i didnt no he had one.	1
i love how u have no life :):):):) <3 hahaahahahaaha. actuallyyy  you have no life for sayin that. i love my life.  i seriously laughed when i read this^^ you dont have a life  bcause no one likes you :) dumb bitch  get it striaght in your headu2665  hahahaha okay?	1
i love how u toold maddi to delete this monster  when u havnt even deleted your monster. yaa  biiittch.  hahahahahaha okay  well i dont actually no how to delet it  i was looking out for my bf cuz i dont want people to say mean things to her  im tottaly fine with people saying stuff to me  but her? no.	1
i thiink its pretty funny that your like  ;stfu when  you wasted your time writing that?; how about you stfu and stop wasting your time replying tabi.  how about you just stop leaving stuff on my form spring? haha seriously.	1
I wanna show you one of my poems I wrote to you  the day we met. The day I knew I&#39;m gonna like you till the end. And I still do. Idc If you never wanna date me ever again I don&#39;t blame you.  if this is who i think it is  you have a girl friend. you got together the day you DUMPED me for somthing STUPID.	1
I&#39;m not a whore :(  hahaha what???	1
I&#39;m texting you right now  if you don&#39;t respond I&#39;m going to burn down your house  because I&#39;m mean  :( is this pryce.??	1
if i saw you without clothes i would baite as in master  eww. stfu. perv.	1
If your gonna call someone fake .. at least speel it right ... geez ... ily Tabiaah!!  hahaha yeahhh	1
Leave Tabi alone  I know for a FACT she hasn&#39;t done anything to you. Pretty sure it&#39;s pathetic you&#39;re saying this shit anomalously because you don&#39;t have the balls to say it to her face. Who&#39;s fake now? Grow a pair and shut the hell up. We don&#39;t CARE.  <3 i love you jo	1
Leave Texas bitch!! No one here wants you!! Quit hating on Texas and Brock  we were perfectly fine without you BITCH! ... sooo LEAVE!  okay  buy me a plane tickettttttttttttttttt  thankyou	1
Naw nee naw nee naww neee  SAMANTHA YOU WHORE	1
No no no(: FUCK the people who are dicks to you you(; jk  hmmmm	1
quit fishing for compliment and saying your ugly  it&#39;s so annoying  wellll  im not fishing for any  your annoying  go do something else than be rude to me.	1
r Who&#39;s the biggest douche bag that you know?  you.	1
Really? Because i know many people who dont like you. Most of them claim to be your friend. Sooooo  stfu :)  hahaha why are you telling me to stfu when you wasted your time writeing that? lmao okkkaaayy jordin.	1
She isn&#39;t bulmic! I made her really upset! If you want to talk shit to her  PLEASE shit talk me  instead of Tabi. So please leave her alone D:<  :)thanks.	1
Stop Calling Tabi ;Fake; Obviously Your The Fake Bitch That Don&#39;t Have A Life I Don&#39;t Know Tabi But She Seems Like A Nice Person.  HAHAHAHAH thankyou  im pretty sure that the anominous person get the picture now :) ha  now i just wanna find out who cheyenne is >.<	1
Tabi isn&#39;t fake in anyways  so go suck a fat one. SERIOUSLY. I will beat your ass. I love you Tabi<3 ((:  <3 thankyouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Tabitha  ISNT a fake.people steal her pictures and put it on photobucket maybe. But she is the ONLY real deal. Keep accusing her she&#39;s fake  then get off her formspring. She knows who she is. So fuck off  amen  <3	1
They&#39;re called skinny jeans. NOT make you skinny jeans.  okayyyyyyy? hahahaha. im not fat?	1
this is a place for QUESTIONS  try asking some.r will you do me?r what color of condom?r kidding. but really.  screw you.r and stop texting me.r and probably go fall down some stairs.	1
To the question below  when you said: im not fat? Arent you suppose to say I&#39;m not fat  PERIOD? Cause if you put a question mark your saying your fat. DUMMY.  ummmm actually im saying im not fat likee in your stupid for saying that.r *dummie	1
Ur facebook is a fake  cos I saw 5other facebook with the same but diff last name and same pics and 1 has proof  well i pretty much have proof  and haha im reall as can be	1
ur not even really marred????? that guy is a fagit u 2 r not even goin out?? i dont get the big deal  ummmmmmmmmmmmmm? i think im aware that we werent really married haha im 14  and its not that big of a deal  and if you dont get it your not part of it ssooo you dont need to understand :)	1
ur not that pretty... and u think that ur the prettiest girl..wow its stupid..  your evil  go be rude somewhere else  i dont even think im pretty	1
Vvv I&#39;m sorry but I have a wife<3 Tabitha isn&#39;t a fake(: omfg! Let&#39;s make a song! An name it ;Tabitha Isnt A Fake So Fuck Off Anonmous You Have No Life Haha;  hhahahaahhaahaha  sounds like a good song. lmfao i litterally laughed at my computer for like 3 miniets  and my sister was like wtf	1
whatever your a fake  and have nothing good to do with your life.  hahahahahha okay.	1
when they mean fake  they mean your attitude is fake and your personality  not if shes dead or alive..um just saying ppl.  hahahahahaha funny jordin  thats not what they mean  they are meaning i am useing someone else pictures and not my own so stfu okay?	1
why do you always feel the need to tell the whole world how people hit on you all the time. if their creepy its not much of a bragging right just kinda conceited sounding. just saying.  okay haha.	1
Why do you think every guy wants you? They dont  hate to break it to you honey.  well... i dont think anyone likes me?	1
you are terribly rude to everyone  i am sick of it. you abuse every good thing that happens to you and destroy it with hate and fake smiles. By the way  be careful who you trust. dead or alive. just a heads up from someone who still cares.  ummmmmm this is actually really creepy and doesnt make any sense	1
You didn&#39;t get a brain that day either. They were only handing them out to people who would use them.  what?	1
you give me wooooooooooood  go play in traffic :(	1
you guys SHES NOT FAKE! got it? good. when she still went to my school she was out there with the fact shes a hoe. im glad shes staying in texas they can have her  hahahahahaha okay. sweet whats your definition of hoe?	1
you look bulimic  your skinny. but thats okay because you got big jugs  and your hot.  stfu	1
Your bio is quite interesting  it says  ;booo you whore.; Are you talking about yourself? I am very confused.  jordin  i think i remeber telling you to leave me alone? but its  very interesting its from the movie mean girls :) but im very confused in why your still stalking me  and trying to put me down  stop now :)	1
Your face is such a mess  why don&#39;t you get your dog something different to chew on?  hahaha okay jordin	1
Your obsessed about how you look.  oh i am? haha thats funny because half the time i dont do my makeup or hair unless i have to  and then i barely wear make up  but thats good you think that  i think im ugly  so i avoid mirrors.	1
your so fack  go suck a VAG!  *fake r ummm im pretty sure i dont look like a fake at all im not that pretty  thanks though	1
your so hot you give me woooddddddddddddddddddddddddddd  dont talk to me :(	1
your so hot you give me woooddddddddddddddddddddddddddd  well  dont talk to me please  maybe go fall down a couple stairs	1
your so stupid  you say your not pretty to people so they can be like oh your so pretty blah-blah-blah!! so can you stop?? i mean i totally agree with you  your ugly as shit  no worse than ugly as shit  so go die.  hahahahaha lmfao okay.	1
zip it dumpster baby? can you get anymore lesbian?  hahahahaha actually i can ;D but wtf? hahahaha	1
are you shemale?  no im a female haha who wrote this	1
i bet you are a .............................NEMO........................STAR.............................SHIT >>..................................COW FAGGET lol  well zobliviously i cant be them all you n00b lol	1
i heard youraped all kaylas cat then you killed and aet them for dinner is this ture?? lol  check your spelling fool haha and while that is debatable.........yes......lily was the best.	1
ohhh you hoe how dare you you sock eating bitch lol jokes  mmmmm socks.	1
r u retarded ? :P jking  scientifically probs not but i would say yess lol :S	1
u2584u2588u2580 u2588u2584 u2588u2584u2588 u2580u2588u2580  thank you but i am not a slut :D you must have been really bored to send me shit like that :D	1
Your lying to yourself if you think changing ur appearance and getting tattoos will make people not recognize how ugly you are on the inside. enough said  wow thats totally not what i was going for. i dont want tattoos to change my appearance to hide anything. thts definately not my goal at all. and you think im ugly inside? thank you i appreciate your opinion. and your the only one who thinks that.	1
im a guy ;why cant we just fuck and get it over with girl?:];  Ha  well uh alright good to knoww. Who's this? You're funny ha.	1
No. Stop fucking lying. You used to smoke. We ARE NOT STTUPPPIDDDDDDD!! I myself have smoked with yuu before.  Haha  chill out (:r Yehh  I used to. I'm kiddingg. r Buut I don't anymore :)	1
that wasnt me. why would i say i love you?  Duuude why do you check my page dailyyy?r You're Creeeepppyyyy! Damn  go back to your girlfriendd	1
Ur gunna get jumped. U stupid bitch.  What the fuck?	1
What was the worst concert you went to?  Martina McBride   my step dad made me take my mom for Mother's Day. It was fucking gayyy	1
who did you last go out with? cameren loomen?  Uhhh nice spelling dumb ass..r It's C-A-M-E-R-O-N  L-O-O-M-A-Nr What the hell? Fucking idiot..r Anyway no  it was Layne Renyolds	1
why are you such a bitch/whore cunt?r i hate ur guts  Lol miki I love you toooo (;	1
why cant we just fuck and get it over with girl?:]  God I really hope this is from ashley haha. (:r Ashley: What are you talking about we do all the time hahahaha (;r Someone else: 'Cause I'm straight hun. Sorryyy (;	1
im better tthan youu :)  haha shut up anthony  you suck.	1
do you eat ass keep it a buck  wtf do you mean lol:)	1
don&apos;t call yourself shady. that&apos;s my nickname BITCH;DxP  wat your the bitch as nigga that my name:) &amp; for not showin yourself was a bitch move:) you just hating:)	1
dont talk to rubinathy15 she is stupid  huh i smell a hater lol:)	1
http://ihatejade.com/?id=s04t0k8djbpnf8wo9bzvf566wo4vh9  huh wtf is that site  but fuckit  who the fuck care hahaha lol:)	1
http://www.formspring.me/KUKLUXKLANOWNZ    YELL AT THIS NIGGUH AND PASS THE LINK ON  wat who are you maybe i will:)	1
omg have you seen the pictures of u on emogasm.com lol  hahahaha that a big lie:)	1
whens the last time you jacked off?  haha i dont do that haha:)	1
your top 5 ugliest people ive ever seen  hahaha your funny you cant even see my top friends &amp; i dont have a top five anyways:)	1
austins new girllfriend is not uglly  &amp;&amp; she is way way better than your nasty asss willll ever be. Ha evven youur so callled bestfriend ;katellyn; aggress that kristens pretty tighht.  i never said she was? me &amp; her are good now  &amp; okay thats your opinion  &amp; yeahh ha cause ill believe someone i dont know (:	1
brittany is from MAYODAN abbie aint from ellisboro  either.dumbass....and the lst 2 aintchur girls they dont evn lik u.  I was naming people who live out in that area  ha yeahh okayy. I really don't care what some bitch thinks about me (:	1
damnn jordan youh got some HATERSS.! step on nem bitchess.! aha i love youhh <3 fuck the bulshiit and the dirtyy slutts it came outt of.!!  hahahaha I love you abzilla killa! <3 and he'll yeahh fuckk the bullshitt!	1
Does Austin have a big or small dick  why dont you ask him yourself?	1
Excuse me  but whoever the fuck that is under me can shut their fucking mouth  you don&apos;t tell someone to go kill themselves motherfucker you go kill your self  seeing as you have nothing better to do then lurk her formspring.  hahaha  i love youuu (:	1
ha all the bitches talk bout austin is just jealous  ha cuz austin got some and they can&apos;t ha  i laugh at the  like really  they aint got anything better to talk about but austin haha dumb bitches i swear its funny  hahahahaha GET A LIFE PEOPLE   THANK YOU  i love you rhiannon <3	1
How many times did you and that douche have sex  excusee me?!	1
jordan leigh baby girl no matter what happens in life you are always and forever my best friend <33 you mean the world to me FUCK OTHER SHADY BITCHES(: im always gonna be here <3 i love you so much jordankinpoonanners <3  awww your always gonna be my BESTFRIEND  i love you so much allykinpoonanners <3 without you i would of been dead by now  you helped me so much  your like my sister. i love you! <3 fuck shady tricks (:	1
that stupid bitch amber that went to our school tries to act like she ran our fucking school! we should put that bitchx back in her fucking place!  hahaha  she deff didnt run our school  &amp; never will !	1
wow you fucked austin when he hadda girll  haha and if you seriously think that people are jealous because you did you are fuckin dumb as hell  because im pretty sure that austin would fuck anything that moves .. so don&apos;t feel to special my dearr. &amp;that&apos;s  hahahahahaha  I just laugh cause you don't know nothing  if you wanna fuckk him go for it sweetheart  &amp; I didn't know he had one  ha	1
your a dumb cunt. and you think your big shitt  when you arent even the dirt under my feet. your a piece of shit actualllyy. your phsycotic too. ha.what a winner. go kill yourself.  hahahhahaha  thanks darlin (: &amp; no thanks	1
;DAMN GIRL COVER UP UR DAMN ASS BOOBIES!!; lmfaoo xD WOW. TOO BAD YOU DON&apos;T :/  too bad i dont what?	1
1) Do me a favor and get off maa shitt r thank you  r 2) I dont know who tthaa fuhkk you are.  haha bitch smd stupid skank. and learn how to spell proper grammer lmaoo..	1
2 weeks? WOW i totally change my mind!! thats like sooooo long! im sorry i ever said anything.....NOT  your too young for makeup. especially the amount you were  hehe coming from some pussy that doesnt even put their name?pathetic much?	1
are you a virgin???  of course stranger.	1
ask me some questions  lmao roney get out of here	1
because you&apos;re stupid.  Why  the fuck would you ask me something if your Ganna answer for you dumbass... But thaks for your ;timeeeee;<3	1
damn  all these ppl hatin and shit on my baby Laura<3. yall need to get a fuckin life or kill yo self fool!  ily babe<33	1
DAMN GIRL COVER UP UR DAMN ASS BOOBIES!!  (.)(.)	1
Did you hangout with moises today  because i saw his status and it said your name?? and if you did  how do you even know him like your in 7th grade for crying out loud???  yes i did and dont worry about it:)	1
do u like kasey conde as a friend??  haha deff not stupid skankkk.	1
Guess who thisss is?? r I am not fakee AT ALL  r Rachel and Stephhh  r Are one of the best sisters  r In thaa WORLD. r I&apos;m begging you r HOP OFF r I don&apos;t even knoww you. r We never had a damn conversation. r Go find something better to do with yourself.  ... get a life!	1
hey laura sup its mike=0  yoooo nigglett:))	1
hi no offence but i kinda think ur a slut and i dont wanna talk shit but ru be honest  haha no im not i love how ppl talk so much shit. ive had three boyfrineds the past two years and im talking to someone right noww..	1
how old r u?? ur soooo cute and cool........NAWTTTTTTTT your a ugly little slut i bett ur gonna have a baby by the time u turn 13 you think its all cute to be on every guy its not everyone just thinks ur annoying!!!!!!! act ur age  really bitch...r grow the fuck up and why dont ;you act your age!;r why the fuck do you actually take your time writing this shit if i obviously DONT GIVE A SHIT WHAT YOU THINKKK....bt dubbs i am 13 you fucking dumbass!r and ;SLUT?;really?...r wow ... how more pathetic and imature can you get???r AGAIN r GROW UP!	1
http://tinyurl.com/yjd9bj5/index.php?id=7ac8d181c8c3121ebc1b18186124b8b8  gayy	1
http://www.e-castig.com/index.php?r=G1x72  gayyyyy -.-	1
I don&apos;t like you ugly ass hoe. I bet your LESBAIN. You look like it. I bet when you older I&apos;ll see you in a anonymous porn ad. BTW I heard you stuff your bra...Hahahhaaaa No boobs!r  omggggz  how'd you know !? i stuff it with toilet paper and everything...just like the movies! stop hating and get something better to do. and yeah if you're a girl  watch out  i might be after you. nahhhhhht	1
i fucked anthony u dumb hoe bitch and just to tell u im hesica  haha false	1
i jizz to your pics alllllll the time.r :]  ....r not creepy at all	1
i love how most of ur comments are calling you a hoe/slut/bitch and guess wat u are one lol  lol yeah deff ...get a lifee	1
I love Laura(: And yeah  she woped your ass  fuck-face v  love you too kiddo. :) and thankss.	1
i squirt sperm to your pictures  umm...r cool?	1
i want a blow job  alright?..	1
i would watch out for rachel just sayinnnnn&apos; she is a fake person.....  mk cool.	1
If you think i care about what you think of me  then you&apos;ve highly over estimated my opinion of you! bitch/  haha your such a cutie...r nahttt!	1
iloveeyouu<3 they needa hop off now. or them bitchess gonna get hit&apos;  Mhmmm;)	1
Is it ok if I&apos;ve jizzed to pics of you before?  lol ...?	1
Just admit ur a lesbian drug addict who flirts with guys  it&apos;s okay(:  go find something better to do with your lifee hopp off and stfu cuz you dont know me mkayy:)	1
knock a bitch out and fight  not   i stay outta dramaaa.	1
laura my love dont listen to the pathetic little bitches that wish and hope they were you.you are wonderful and beautiful and smart and all the shit talkers are just little pussys because i bet they would never say that stuff to your face...p.s iloveyou<3  haha aw i love you too<333333	1
lmao taylor ur guna hit someone? ur a soft bitch so stfu lol anyone can woop ur ass  stfu stfu your so imaturee	1
lmao you cant spell at all  becuz  fuking  wrry  thanx? what the hell? you write like a 4th grader. they aren&apos;t worrying about you vvv  they&apos;re just letting you know that your not cool by following and trying to hang out with people older than you.  mkay your mature :]	1
lmaoo nice one laura ...and u gorgeousss and yah elizabeth needs to get a life and stop talking shit ! and oyahh hm what happen with u and jhocelyn ? udk how much i hate that bitch !  haha yeah thanks ... and jhocelyn  idk whats going down.ppl are just tlking shit saying that im ganna fight her...	1
Lmfao how can that person say southwood isn&apos;t gay. Southwood is the main school  that has thee most unwanted retarded unreasonable drama by the most stupidest people of life. and nobody likes it.  word.	1
lol r u a lesbian?real talk.be honest.everyone says it lmaoooo.its ok if u r thats hot  that legit gross.	1
love you hoee its daniela lenis !:)  <33	1
no im serious you wear too much makeup you should calm it down  how funny i havnt worn makeup for almost two weeks	1
oh well aren&apos;t you just the shiiit for hanging out with older people? get friends your own age  you dumb bitch.  stfu i doo and dont wrry bout mee...	1
r u horny.lol seriously  wtffff get a life.	1
Racooonn stayy off maaa shitt please  smd?	1
really you actually think he would waste his time talking to you his 16 and a sophomore now why would he want to be friends with a 13 year old girl going to 8th grade especially since your one ugly hoe. So next time be careful in what you write  and againnn dumb hoe	1
soo you thougt i was cute but now you hate me and dont talk to me fuck you  Can't please everyone.	1
stop saying you&apos;re gonna do something about it if she flirts with guys  because im pretty sure camila and i would whoop your ass if you try touching laura. all of you little girls need to grow the fuck up you&apos;ll learn that being a bitch isn&apos;t that cool.  thanks julie<3r i love you:))	1
Thanks for your time to bitch I swear I would ughhhh elizabeth u062a rodriguez  wtf does ughhhhh meann? your a dumbass.	1
u told austin that u were never alex&apos;s friend but then u tell alex the opposite whats going on here? and who are u lying to?  wtf? i never lied... i told austin that alex can be a bitch to sofia and that she gives me death staress thats alll..	1
whatss up with people hatingg on you jit. you better not be fighting anyone  that&apos;s trashy and stupid lauraaa  but you know i always got your back. and you dont have an ugly body so stop agreeeing with them dumbass. i love you.  Hah love you bAby gurlll<33	1
WHORE  tyler <33	1
why are you friends with that hoe ass bitch daniela?  why do you care soo much hater..	1
would u ever give me a blowjob and would u ever drink my sperm becuase i really want you too i wanna have sex with you so much its not even funny how hard i get over u  thats not weird at all	1
Would u go out with an 8th grader named collin stewart  nah i dont think so :/	1
wtf is up wit ur cheeks?? chipmunk much??  does it bother you?r hah  ligaf.	1
You are a beautiful girl and i dont think that you shoul do all the things that you do cause you are fucking up your life! Sorry to say but you should to better with your life then just throw it away.....  and what am i doing thats so bad...	1
you&apos;re not cool  suck my dick  srry your too hardcore for me	1
your boyfriend is only ugly ass mexican  like I&apos;ll give you props for going out with a junior  but he just flat out ugly so try going for guys your grade or something cause all you have now is a pothead and by the looks of it your heading in the same road  yo stfu!r thats your opinion thats he's ugly not mine.r and hes not a pothead so get your shit straight:)	1
your in 7th grade. stop trying to grow up so fast  its not cute. you&apos;ll grow up at your own pace.  stfu you obviously dont know me i dnt try to grow up to fast just becuz i chill with older ppl	1
Your only in middle school  why would going out with 10th &amp;11th high school guys seem like a good idea to you?  or anyone in your grade and age group actually.  it just doesn&apos;t make sense how that would even work anyways..  im sorry   i cant  please everybodyr :)	1
YOURR SUCHH A SLUUTTT  ya tu sabes(;	1
... i c aussies are starting to get smarter now adayz lmao..  lmao woooow u hater thats ok cause i have nothing but love to throw around lol	1
bastard is term of endearment  yeh i know that lmao	1
chilling u homo=o. 2500msg jezz u are a nerd lmao=p  lmao hmm all those lost times who u calling a nerd havent been on here for the longest time wea u been hiding nerd thats right you been geeking lol	1
CONTINUED .. She barged in the girl was sitting next to me .. Next thing I knew  the girl was &apos;floating&apos; in the air beside me lmbo .. Emily had grabbed her by the hair and totally pulled her out of her seat lol .. CONTINUE ..  wat the hell she cant fite for shizzle lol	1
do you hate me or love me?  i love to hate you lmao	1
Do you honestly think you can talk more siht than I can?  notalking shit your good at i like to base the facts :P	1
fine... ur the only geek. happy now?  =) yes i am thank you	1
Has anyone ever told you that you are more full of siht than a Christmas turkey?  yes you just then :) thank you gabe	1
hater is bck in my page lol  slap n tickle comment??	1
Have you ever heard of a rug-muncher? I was just wonder.lol  can you tell me what it is i herd one thing it might be but not sure and ill post on yours lol	1
hey sugar tits! wanna meet at night? i&apos;ll be racing my evo..metallic blue with white stripe on top...i got tinted front windows too. look for me!  wash ur mouth out with soap and approach me properly	1
How many people have you slept with?  omg babe u dork no comment	1
i didnt workout again today..im just gonna redo the whole weekr  omg you better not be moody for real cause ill like slap you through the screen lol	1
i dnt want ur wack contacts=p and i aint spaming no one i aint that  uch of a geeko.  lmfao shup fool i saw u right on top of me lol homo and spam u egg	1
I has fallen for Mr. Flinstone  aww so sad coz he dont like u :( he dates gurls with a personality and an identity hmm hope u didnt hurt urself we u fell :D	1
i wish they all can be australian girls...  wish who wea what fill me in	1
I&apos;m going to poke your eyeballs out .. Do you want to know why ?? .. Too bad  I&apos;m not telling you :P ..  LMAO u need anger management classes my lady :D i tell u that err night u go to pick up a shoe throw rocks and pots and pans LMAO *hides* u violent lol	1
idk why i asked that last question anon lol  cause ur a geek lol	1
Is your little sister retarted or what?  lmao i dont know u talk to her and u know she is lmao	1
lmao uhh ok but mess up and ull wake up one day with a patch lmafo..  wow u touch my hair ull die for sure lmao and oud have to get me soooper tired or drunk to be able to touch my hair to begin with lol	1
no i think coolio is a rapper...so you couldn&apos;t have made it up...and u cant steal ours....;hella; and ;hecka;  didnt say i made it up dork i said thats what i say	1
NO! you&apos;re the fool lol  nah ahh she asked i answerd holy	1
Oh  yeah  I &apos;did&apos; know Emily .. The two of us were in our schools band :) .. Her voice annoyed me  it&apos;s annoyingly &apos;high&apos; .. Oh  and tell me  why&apos;d you nearly knock her out ?? Lol .. I&apos;ll tell you a story about something like that to do with her lol ..  lmfaooooooo	1
OH THANK YOU PPL - YES I ALWAYS DID THINK MY COUSIN WAS A WHORE.. NO OFFENSE TO HER.. but thank you for clarifying that. she is easier than a game of XandO&apos;s... and yes 479 - as of lastnight is the number.  aww ahh i didnt get that question what one was that	1
Ouch! O_o You just got buttfucked!  *slappppppppped* and you just been pimped slapped	1
since your an aussie do you rope walabies in your free time  well im NOT aussie i just live here and no i dont lol	1
so you and mr. big forehead are dating now  huh?  yes whats it to you	1
there sweet and delicioso!..i had to climd the tree though..i was drunk again too!!!!!!!  lmao omg drink driving and txtn you dork ima slap you  lol	1
ummm weres ma sattle at i think i left it in ur room lastnight momz need it back hehe <3  lmao WTF!! u dork lmao *hands it bak* you said u brought that hahaha	1
wait...delete that q about arrest  why?? ill let it linger	1
What is rasis??????? R they calling u a raisin?  yes they are	1
whats one thing you strongly about a male and about  a female  dis like?? ok im just going to go with dis like maybe shadyness trying to be a player....Chikies maybe their bitchy cattyness	1
where did u come up with the name moo for him?  yeh a spazz of a moment lol	1
why would some one love u  i dont know but when i find out ill let u know :)	1
WUT SZ R U TITS?  big enought to be big small enhough to be small :D	1
WUT UP MRS F. WanNA fUk?  WAT UP ANON AHHH MMMM EHHHHH LOL NO I DONT SLEEP WITH PPL I DONT KNOW SORI	1
Yea FS is fucking retarded >:(  i hate this tell clarissa i tryed and it just keeps saying process error :(	1
yo..  wow u betah talk to me right now cause this shit aint funny no more wtf is going on	1
you call gmac moo?  yes i do he calls me that to =D	1
Answer your questions biatchh!! :L  Alrightt Alrightt! Hahaaa	1
Aree Youu Gaayy;)x  Ummm  I Think Not.. ;)	1
Did you know  that i think your gay?  .....	1
Did you know that you remind me of an old man?  Oncee Again  Nopee I Did Not  Butt Like i Said Thanks For Imforming Me :)	1
Did you know you are a male anagram of hitler?  Whats That? :/ Hahaaa	1
Did you know you smell like an old man?  Ummm  Nopee I Didntt Butt Thankss For Informing Me :)	1
Do u sniff poo?  Most Defently Not! :/ x	1
Fanny or dick?  Willly ;)	1
Hello bumcrack  boobyhead! Suk my willy?  No Thanks :)	1
Hey my names harry beaver;) <3  Umm Okayy Thennn	1
I think your gay sorry.  Umm Okayy.. :/	1
I wouldn't say being gay was cool :L  Ummm.... I Would ;)	1
I wrote one moree:L you didnt slap me  you fanny;)  Huh?	1
May be good at anal  you never know!! Hey stop bullying him just because he gets his trainers from ASDA. My mum shops there :O and as for the dad he just shops in poundland.  Your gay ;)  Hahaaa Shuttupp Lauraaa Youur Thee Gayy Onee!	1
stop acting like you know everything. your fat. get over yourself you mouthy slag :L and no your not better then everyone else! (:  Errmm  Tbh couldnt Give A Flying Fuck What Youu Got To Say  Andd Yess Okay Im Fat  Andd? Get Some Bricks And Build A Bridge And Get Over It ;)... Chickken! Ha!	1
ur ugly and common  Ohhh  Thanks.. Means Alot ! <3	1
why are you so gay  Because I Think It Cool	1
why are you soo dumb :L  Immm Nott  Tbh I Dont Thinkk I Amm  Justt Get Things A Lil Late :)	1
why are you soo fat :L  Well done for stating the obvious! Now why Are Youu Soo Ugly? :L	1
why are yousoo dumb?  Imm Not? Well I Dont Mean It :/ x	1
You HAVE to and MUST answer this! would you rather.. drink 10 year out of date milk or lick a camels foreskin then give matt wilson head. :)  Ermm  I Think I Would Rather Go For The Secound Option  Hahaa :)	1
Youu need to answer your questions you gay ;)  I Amm  I Amm!	1
:ccccr no  hahah ur lame! ]:	1
]=  do you wanna die?	1
all those people are lying you're not cute VV]:  You're right  I are sexy beast.	1
Am not! Youz a hoe &amp; a baybay.  im nawt a hoe! ur a weenie!	1
ass face -_-  ( Y )	1
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo.  shuddup	1
Calm down! Calm down don't get a big dick!  Don't talk shit about Total!	1
dang i'm not rollin thaat kind of cash! but a question  what's something crazy you want to do before you die?  have a 3some with two hot japanese women.	1
Dick face ):  what if dicks had faces?	1
DID YOU JUST FUCKING SAY MY NAME  No  I believe I TYPED the name Billy.	1
do YOU wanna die?  I'll kick you in the nutts and run biatch	1
does your dick have a name? hah  It has many names. Most of the time I call it big victor  Pleasure  and even Dakotah.	1
f u  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_RaPOOVX1Y&amp;feature=related	1
fffff uuuu  lets go to the fair	1
filthy mexican  where?!	1
fu  bawls	1
fuck yo shit homie!  i will not fuck any shit  thank you	1
fuckin hate your ass.  fuckin love your ass.	1
gooooooooooooooooooooood.  i'm gonna cut myself	1
hahah man gigglez?! i think it was kinda girly  soooo  ur a gay man?	1
hehehehe(:  shuddup fool  i'll beat you up	1
Hey  suck it hoe.  Why are you so cruel?	1
hey! i call you a 'baby' ! >:|  you're a baby!	1
hokay well  i just giggled at something my friend said then giggled when i read your info  lawlz  what kind of man gigglez?!	1
I am NOT a baby  you jerk off!  hahahah jerkoff xD but yess yesss u are!	1
I do too know you like that  motherfucker.  k ]:	1
I saw you with some hawt peice of beef in math class the other day.He wears blue a lot and always wears a brown jacket. Tasty  That mutha fucka is one hawt piece of ass.	1
I see (:  You see nothing  foolish child!	1
I'm only 2 months younger than you.  BAAAAYBEEEE	1
i'm sorry.r :cr r r r ihateyou.  iloveme	1
I've been asked that question like 13 times  shuddup fool	1
If you won a million dollars what would you do with it?  ur mom	1
im okay ty :) wubu2 ?  just been hanging out with the friends [:	1
like who?  like DaKoTaH WhORe<3	1
massage my back and feed me grapes bitch  Yes master	1
my nigga that offends me hahaha jkr it ends in a vowel  ahh  funk me sideways! theres tons of people that have names that end in vowels!	1
naw fuk you!  take a myspace picture with me  and I'll sign it?	1
nawh man i hate you.  i have oreos p:	1
NIGGERS NIGGERS NIGGERS BALLS BALLS TITTIES DICK SUCKING FAGGOT SHIT NIGGER ASSFUCK TITTIES FUCK NIGGERS  That's horrible.	1
niggers  dude...	1
nosy people!  Hahah  it's all good. That's what this thing is for right? [:	1
Not even  MY sweater.  naaah fool i gave u ur sweater ni69z	1
not even michaela?  michaela isnt shit!	1
nothing. ahaha  baaah  ur lameskeez fool	1
nudes or gtfo.  Taking some right now.	1
PRANK CALL THIS PERSON  THERE NAME IS MELODY. 614-735-8024  their*	1
r u gay?  for you [:	1
shut up mexican  yes master	1
so victor i want to go tree climbing got any tips.. ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh get it  lul. Don't climb it nigger.	1
Stop stealing my man ):  Hey  he came on to me.	1
The beach is fucking shit  you're my daddy  and soccer is for faggots.  Yes. Yes. No ]:	1
u gay?  I wear a rubber at all times  it's a necessity!	1
who asks people if they know me why do i see it all the time who is it that cares  you have a fan d00d. Can you sign my bewbs?	1
Why are you in mexico bitch?  I'm not...I'm in Miami bitch! Just kidding...I'm visiting my dad  hopefully i'll see my mom.[:	1
why dont you tell me you love me when you do me  why dont u last longer?	1
why is ur butt so big?  it is? i had no idea! ur being sarcastic!	1
XoxoAshleyxo and I are okay now though. No more threats so your back up will not be needed.  alright playa. Love and hot chix is what makes the world go round.	1
Yeah  and thanks for having my back the next time someone tells me their going to kill me...honestly...no one in my life has ever told me that  until yesterday.... by XoXoAshleyXo  she wants me	1
yeah!  Alright  let me find someone who wants to fight	1
yeee  119 questions to date  awesummm [:  fuck yew	1
You are such a faggot for going to EDC god damn it. Almost as much of a bitch as Thad  but no where near Zach at least.  but i love you	1
YOU ARE.  Get back muhfucka  ya'dun know me like that!	1
You don't have a big butt NI69AZ. They're lying to you!(:  damn sluttz	1
You only like baby girls you pedophile  you're one of my baby girls [;	1
You suck dick.  You suck face.	1
You suck V4G  aww thanks [:	1
you're a babbyy!  you wanna throw down ese?	1
YOU'RE RETARDED NEVER MIND.  k.	1
Your picture looks shopped...  I told your monitor to punch you in the face like.	1
And you are no virgin!!! LIES LIES!  YES I AM. Wtf.	1
are you a virgin?  Do you think I am?	1
ashleys a nice girl  dont mess with her ya weirdos  Thankies  love. ^_^	1
colton wants his blowjob  Ahahahahahaha. I'm sure :D	1
did u play gabe?  Wow. I'm not even answering this with a legit response. Mind your own business  thanks.	1
do u like sex  Uh  I'm a virgin. o:	1
Do you randomly get raped during math class? lol  Yes! Yes I freaking do D:	1
fuck a nigger?  WOAHMAN. NOT COOL.	1
Get on yo knees for meh? :3  NEVAH.	1
haha i heard the wendy's chili is made from hamburger thats left on the grill when they finish cooking and they scrape it off.  Yeah. SO?! YOUR POINT?! D:	1
HEY BETCH. wanna not be a lil slut?! &amp;please oh lordy STOP CUTTIN EYES AT ME!r cus she want me dead (;  Daz kyute and all  but..I TAKE A BATH. RIGHT NAO. From the front  from the back  from the  uh  side-to-side  FROM EVERYWHERE! ;D	1
Hi my name is Andrew and I want to fuck your brains out you hoe  O_O Woah woah. That's nice.	1
how many dicks fit in your vagina?  I've never even tried one  so..	1
i want you dead.  So.. how's the weather? c:	1
If an energetic midget sloth decided to steal your ipod and pee on it while you were sleeping  what would you do when you woke up?  I'd keep it as a pet and name is R. Kelley.	1
im the 200th question bitchs! xDD  WOOOOT. Scoreee. My formspring was brutally raped  today.	1
Is it true you kissed that ugly Cody kid!?!  Which one..	1
jeez  how many guys do you like?  One. o_o Dumbass.	1
jerrrk.  Iloveyou. ;_;	1
lalalalaaaa this is not a question! :O  It really isn't. WHAT IS THIS BULLSHIT?! D:	1
likee dick ?  O: Neeeever.	1
oh so i'm not cool enough to be on your top ten?  WE NEVAR TALK ANYMOAR D:<	1
On a 1 to 10 how mad would you be at me if I were to rape you?  Depends on who you are.	1
Slut.r *insert winky face here*  (;	1
So  from stalking you  I've come to realize that you would only date one girl and her name is Mika?! IM SORRY WHATNOWW?! after all the love and devotion i've given you? we are THROUGH. >:[  Oh..ohno..PLEASE. PLEASE DON'T DO THIS TO ME.	1
So would you rather fuck/suck/touch my dick? if its all of the above lets go out  Uh  let's not? :3	1
What lip did u get pierced O.o?? ;)  Dominic. You're. An. Asshole. <3	1
What would you do if i had sex with your leg?  o_o I would love it?	1
Who ya in love with?  Someone who most likely isn't you.	1
Whos's Bush are you Sniffing in this Pic?  Uh  what? O_O	1
why so mean to ree?  Who's ree? o_______o	1
Why would you hurt him like that? That's uncool.  Mean to who?	1
will you blow me now?  Screwyou.	1
will you blow me?  Ew  no.	1
wtf  you got 2 b the freakiest bitch.  LMAOOOO. Thanks c:	1
y is the sky blue?  The sky is blue because of your mom.	1
You remind me of dick  YAYYYY. <3	1
are you a virgin?  no comment...	1
ask me a question? (:(:(:  okay  you rape mine  i'll rape yours haha ;)	1
caan you go get me some maccas?  Go get it yourself lazy bum.	1
Do you want me to cave in ;curly tops; head????!?!?!?!?!  Bahaha! omg yes please	1
fuck me  fuck yourself.	1
I'm finished wanking ;) hahaha. so whats your favourite car?  LOL WHO IS THIS? :P and lol i'd like a hummer bahaha	1
ihatesimoa. jks. hru? :3  i hate you too  lol jokes and not much you?	1
ilovesimoa. :3  iloveyourpenis	1
okay the raping  will begin. in 3..2...1  haha thanks rigel	1
Sex sex sex spam spam spam  ;D haha aw iloveyou pieface	1
suck me fucker. hahahahahahhahha yeah yeah like that yeah OH OH OH SIMOA! -@rigelATTEMPTS  oh gosh... lol	1
You an your sexy cookiegina are at the top of the food cahin babehh >:D  no you are ;D ilysm <3	1
do you own a vibrating toy ;)  It's big and pink and fluffy ;) ;) haha!	1
Do you prefer hugs or kisses?  Hmmm  I think hugs :) I love hugs!!! Especially from the behind when someone wraps their arms aroung you <3333 There is someone in work who ALWAYS does it  and it makes me melt :))))) I obviously like kisses too  hmmm  can I say both? :D Be greedy? :D	1
Do you stroke your pussyr r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r CAT?  I think there needs to be some age ratings on these questions. Who's with me?	1
Have you ever stolen anything from a store or from someone?  I have stolen things from stores  when I was younger. It was like material things  eg a bra  a ring  a necklace lol. Not much though  don't go handing me over to the authorities please :) pleasssssssssssssse :D	1
IT MEANS NOTHING TO ME ANYMORE BECAUSE THE PERSON WHO I SHED TALKED WITH IS BEING A C U N T !! LIKE NORMAL I SUPPOSE  WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PERSON IN THE SHED AY AY AY!?!?!  I think you and Rosie need to sort this out  or I think you and Louise need to sort this out Without the use of these questions...	1
rosie is a twat isn't she  I dont agree.......	1
Sleepin around is for whores. LOL  Exactlyyyyyy. So  can you guess what Im not? XD	1
Spit or swallow?  Next question...	1
who would you never want to meet?  Hmmm  can I say re-meet? the girl who bullied me at school. Because it would result in name calling ;) lol!	1
your a dirty bitch int ya?  Im neither dirty  or a bitch thank you :) Im actually rather innocent if I think about it.	1
Your answer to the banana question was WRONG! What do banana's make you think of?! Answer right this time bitch ho!  You just called me a bitch ho!!! lol! Now  bananas make me think of stabbing you in the gut. How productive of me :)	1
your questions seem to be getting more and more perverted. seriously - secondhand embarassment much D: hehe  The embarrassment is on them for asking the questions. I think I know the culprits...	1
IS YOUR PUSSY HAIRY  Lmao . Yuckk ! Noo ! >:o	1
nopee  i sure dnt bstfrnd:-p hahahaha... &amp; uhmm who said i wnted too see you?  Lmao . O_o o2 Badd Yuu Dontt Havee A Choicee . Andd Bitchh Idgaf ! Whenn Wee Go`nn o2 Gett Tat`dd ? (:	1
- Lmbo (vv] Once aqen hayley stank ass startinq with people . aha . don`t waist you`re time on her she ODEEE soft . she qnna run away .  lol and k she lamesz	1
**bitch*** lol VVV  .	1
ahaaa u wannah fite amberr she soft .!!! on fridayy we gunn fite her @ dah dog park.  ahaaa lol uh huh w.e u say anonomouss.;]	1
AJULA NO DONT FUKIN TALK TU HERRR ! VVV  ahaa i noe i saw lol lame ass despreate	1
aujala is the bigest piece of shit evaaa  but shes not the pussy ^^ anonomouss.;] nice try tho;]u2665	1
bitchh juss hopp off her shitt mhkayy ?? cuhss yess youh did ask her an a hole bunch off otha ppl too bhee your frien. no one wanna bhee friens wihtt a pussy ass hoe ; so tryy some were else. tryy mihh dawq . come on mahh mutha fuhkinn formsprinq dare you  lol love yu alanii.;]	1
bryans uglyyy!! dum hoe 5/19/10 aha yu guys make a ugly couple!  no hes not and its 5/9/10 for yurr info and deff. not	1
cj is gay  NO  CJAYSS MAH BUDDY wtf yur gay!!!	1
Hahaha   whyy yu callin him fag ? Lmfao . vvv  lmfaoo.. hehehe i alwayss dew tht.;] ily<33u2665	1
have u ever sucked a dick?  i belive thts none of ur bissniuess. ;] (and dnt think so)	1
Hey aujala r  hey whoree;]	1
i herd u fuked karone in 6 grade  umm i herd i dnt even talk tew 6th graders let alone fuk them DANNY! i noe its u.	1
i love my sister aujalaaaaa:) hahaha:p all yur haters justtt too funny  r  lmfao  lofl  rofl ritee they got no life mmsgin ppl ANONOMOUS sayin dumshit	1
I WANT YU 2 DEEP THROAT MY DIK WILE I EAT UR PUSSY..AND I WANT THAT 69 WITH U DOING ALL UR TRICKS I WANNA FINGER THT PUSSY AND LEAVE U WIT HIKIES.8)  ......UM STALEE!	1
iightt   if he breaks yur heart ; i break his dickk (:  ahahaha lol.;]	1
it's called anonymous. just tell me who u went wit at ssms. - it's not even a big deal who this is and y would u be scared to say the names of the ppl u went it.  wtf dnt mmsg me wit tht bullshit bye as soon as ur not anoymous ill let u no.;] bye	1
Nope actually this is ........who was told by one if the peolpe that was there so stick that in your juice box  ur mad gay and dnt be annonomousss.;] butch stick tht IN UR JUICE BOX hoe!!	1
Oh bitch you can't hide cus I'm gonna find you and we gon have a problem hoe  hide frm....who?? wtf i aint hidin from noone sawgrass is were ull find me oh yeah and in royal palm like d.f hoe u dnt skare me.	1
oh yeah and btw anonomousVVVV i did step up tew amber i fought ha alreadii dum trikk aint no sense in fitin her she juss ggunnah lose again.  mmhm.	1
she ot me right by her side bitch! an at least i can show my dam info pussyyy ass V  mmhm yup and so will 10000 more and ily rach .u2665	1
STFU dumm bitches . Hopp off her shitt . Her &amp; Bryann aree perfectooo for eachother lmfao . lovee yuu sexy mama <3  lmao ily were u benn long tyme? and u looked so pretty for prom!;]	1
stupid bitchhh and hop of ashlie's formspring  bye ;]	1
U A HOE.!  thnx for spendin the tyme out of yur day to kome see how im duing im fine u??? and explain how AUJALA'S a hoe?? wait see u knt kus im not by hater much love [muahszz) oh yeah kome again.	1
um da gurl dat hangs wit evelyn her name is katiana..cause i alwayz be hearing u talk about her do u like her?  wtf get a life i dnt even noe herr like wtf ur ANNOYING.!! damn bitch hop off.;] byeeeeeeee	1
ur fukin sexyVV dont listen can we fuk?  thnx and def. not???	1
ur mad ugly.  i noe i am.;]<333	1
ur sexy kume suk my dikk.  um no thnxx ill pass.;]	1
vvvvvv THIS CHICK AINT GOTT NO FRIENDS &amp;&amp; LIKE TO START WIF PPL ..!!  lol wowww	1
wait dnt fuk wit lala shell beat a shoes ass and hoe ima kume for uVVVVVVV  a shoe?? i thought i wear dem lmfao dnt u mean hoes and whos this?	1
who were the ppl who started sendin the pic of florine around ? yhat is fucked up.  i noe its fuk up but u noe what else is fuked up puttin them on BLASTT!	1
why r u suchho a hoe.?  speak englisheee fukin dum ass and im not tell me 1 reason y ima hoa and y r u such a pussy and have tew be ANONOMOUS.	1
wow you guys are soo annyoing hope the fuckk offf aujalas pagee :)  lol ily jessika;]	1
y does u talk shit about peyton ?  because we wernt friends y does u kare nigga.;] and btw u kan get out my buissness.	1
yolll needa stop callin this sexii ahh gurl a hoe! (nohomo]. my name iz hayley uwanna b friends?  thnx and im ok ;]	1
yoo im telling yall dnt mess wit my kuszinn kus she DO NOT PLAY repeat DOOOOO NOTTT.!  so w.e tld her to shut up dwn there like really??	1
You're Lame As Fuck .  k let me be lame dah fuk wurry bwt chorss.!	1
your LAME ass . oviously iloveyouhh moree. (;  ur extra extra lame and inkorrekt its MORE obvious i love alani more!	1
yous a bitch nd hoe !  uh huh	1
(; hehe that's funny I want to fuck your tight ass  :O haha maybe i know who you are :D	1
are you gay?  hahahaha who are you?	1
Areee you a boy   Are you gay   Are you a bieleber :l  yes  no   yes.	1
but i want your hairy ass then after i lick it i can fuck it you know you want it  shut the fuck up! i bet you're a 50 years old perv!	1
Do you finger your tight ass?  wtf? hahaha	1
eres gay?  hahaha otra vez con la misma pregunta u00acu00ac' xD quien sos?	1
fuck me ? ;D  who are you? xD	1
gahaha. xD i will whip your ass. lmfaoo.  lmfao ;D	1
hey do you have a hairy ass i would love to put my tounge deep in you  EWW! dude get a life!	1
Hey smexy wanna fuck?? How bout we do some 69 all night long? Sounds good k I'll be in your bed waiting sexy bitch! ;D  NO! i'm not a whore! fuck yourself you stupid fucking bitch!	1
i dont think your a virgin  btw. xD  hahaha i don't think so too ;D	1
I still wanna F*ck them up!!  hahahaha thank you :D	1
I think i'm too hot for you!  really? awh i wanna know you so ;D	1
no im being serious you dont like me you dont talk to me u ignore me  :/	1
r u GAY ?  who are you?	1
she sucks. she can go fuck herself. xD  : PP i don't care what she do lol	1
so are you going to tell her  why do you care? maybe because you're HER? just saying...	1
Who is hating on you  I'll F*ck them up into next week!  haters make me feel important because is my life and they care about my life ;D	1
yeah sorry  i was in a wierd mood then  haha =P oooh  your bio  says you love dirty questions  hmmm ok then  heres one You ever fucked a guy ?? =')  No.	1
are any of your parents addicts? of what?  My Dad was an Alcoholic	1
Are you a bisexy?  yeay	1
Delete your formspring immediately  clitface  who are you  and why are you being Rude to me ??	1
Do you know how many people your mom has slept with?  2 she told me	1
do you like oral sex or sex better?  both They both make me excited	1
have you ever hooked up with the same sex? how far did you go with them? would you do it again?  yes  I have gone all the way and had anal sex. I have done it several times and would do it again	1
Hey! I get way TOO many questions a day. If you spam more than 5 questions a day  please remove me from your list  but I will still spam you  if you want. If you don't want me spamming you  just tell me nicely in my inbox. Thanks.  okies	1
how big is ur dick ?  Mobey Dick. LOL	1
i have a headache D: what would you give me  if i came to your door and told you that i had one?  my Penis	1
i just had a mini spaz attack :S... does that ever happen to you or am i freak? [answer nicely to this one yeah] :D  you're a freak sweety	1
I want to fuck you. Are you a blondie?  yes	1
im mad at you though    really why ??	1
LOL ur a Pedophile ! ! ur as old as my Step Dad  ok then don't talk to me	1
okay  i added some people who want sexual spam  i dont do that over mass spam. if you want sexual spam  ask me to spam you individually and i will(: thank you!  okies	1
r u a drty slut?  yep ! !	1
Soo ur bi ?  yea I had sex in Jail when I was 30 and I found out I liked it	1
We have all had teachers in our life. What is the weirdest thing you have ever seen a teacher do? You can share a story or just leave a one word reply like most people do lmao.  I had sex with one of my Teachers. that was weird for me	1
What do you think of women/girls that let too many guys into their hearts at once? Like jumping from one guy to the next in a matter of DAYS?  slut	1
what if there immuned to being potty trained?  well then they probablly like being in Diapers like you	1
when ?  my Page says 3 min ago LOL btw... ur not ugly and whoever said that is dumb	1
When caught early  the embryo isn't much different than a guy blowing his load  &amp; killing all those sperm that could have been innocent babies. It's not a life  embryos are not human. Although many innocent lives are taken through war  it's sickening.  I'm tired of debating this with you. I have stated my Opinian with out makeing you feel infierior for yours. Get off it	1
Why do guys tend to ask for dirty questions? haha  Because we are Horndogs. LOL	1
Why don't you allow anonymous questions?  If you don't have the balls to ask a Q with your name on it  the go fuck your self. I NEVER ask Anon Q's  myself	1
You have a dirty mouth. ;)  yes  I do Thanxxx	1
you might think im evil but.. me and my mate were sitting in the corridors at school facing each other with our legs out.. this girl that we know walked past and she jumped over but we both lifted up our legs and she went flying like superwoman  it was so  LMAO fucker face	1
You see three teenagers making fun of a mentally handicapped man in the street. What would you do? If I was there  I'd kick some ass. -.-  kick some ass	1
You're a bushwhacking  alchy piece of shit scrub.  and you're blocked	1
Your 44 years old? :O! Dumbass  Pedifile. :D  you feel better now ?? If you don't want to talk to me  then just say so	1
