one fun thing you did ?? one? ive done lots of fun things. i go to parks and rollerblade. ive been to panama beach with 6 other girls for vac. i got to spend an entire weekend with my family this past weekend. i paint colourful paintings..lots of fun things 	0
do you listen to music every day? yes i do! 	0
do you know what dog treats taste like? nope but i can imagine 	0
bitch i can rap beta den yo ugly ass lol go uk my dik nigra mum check outside lakes park n we will see..who did anywaysz?? 	1
@lishstick as if! how do i bully you!? you constantly mock me! even the mars bar thing!! 	1
@meredithmbell can speak from experience that's invaluable job. helped me stand up to workplace bully and become published writer! 	1
most of you said the oil spill. why do you think they are talking about it so much? is it cause they are not doing much about it? huh 	0
have you ever went to someone page &amp; seen them asking theirselves questions but when you ask them about it they deny it? i've seen it -_- yea that is soo stupid 	0
describe yourself in 3 words. (right now) hungry sick tired.r [always] happy selfless trusting. 	0
do you look forward to sleeping? only if i've had a bad day. 	0
don't call her a bitch vv just did 	1
can crop circles be square? yes. if square aliens came to see us. sahara or if the tractors would get more creative..one of the two! :) 	0
im gonna take pole dancing classes would that make me slutty? nash 	0
how long have you been together? a year &amp; 2 months. 	0
have you ever collected stickers that are on fruits? nope. 	0
what is your height in ft/in centimetres or whatever standard of measure you like :] 60 inches. :] 	0
you call mac moo? yes i do he calls me that to =d 	1
have you gone nature tripping? if so where? and how was the experience? what is nature tripping? like hiking?? 	0
suck it ah-ha all ready h 	1
ugly. i know you are 	1
@beyondgawjus lol..cyber bullying rotflmao #guhyoucrazy 	1
yo.. wow u beta talk to me right now cause this shit paint funny no more wwf is going on 	1
what was the craziest dream you ever had about? its so long to explain. lol i have weird dreams that totally blow me away when i wake up. thats all ill leave it at. aha my mind is very creative sometimes . it surprises even me lol 	0
(: stop hating on my page kth. why would i wanna hate on you? 	0
does austin have a big or small dick why dont you ask him yourself? 	1
maria is a flipping bully. 	1
best lil wayne song? umm ink 	0
@huixiangsim not forgetting huixiang too!! yay!! never bully @hamszerisme ah. can't wait to saying her instead la 	0
do you shower in the morning or at night before bed? repeat 	0
hello :]] sup? ;p musta? :) 	0
@claudiamaza bully 	1
some of my so called friends need to grow the fuck up and if push comes to shove fuck off. i will not be bullied. 	1
are you quick to take medicine or more likely to wait it out? more likely to wait it out. 	0
whore! you know it :) 	1
bitch stu at least i recognize myself not lyn u should i care bitch 	1
@gunnerblog a better justice would have been trying to win the game not bully a player and starting chaos 	1
why does winnie the pooh ever get stung by the bees he messes with? causes they can't have violence in the kids show. come on you knew that..hahah 	0
-lolss all hess desperate ass fuck my niggahh dont want all brash get real mao deep throat home yew nasty that shot paint cute watch yew gon catch sum shot hoe like seriously that paint cute anyways slide daddyy.* mao feel ya 	1
hey my name is april too! aha. people named april are always cool. lol. hahaha!! ohh cool wait are yuh thee april on twitter?! april2? aha yay! we beasts yo! had 	0
that was gonna be the first hint but i guess i knew it was too obvious aha well you are the only ninja i know ;) 	0
@carolynnicolexo :o im not a bully! 	1
you should come next week! k 	0
how do you plan on making my birthday amazing?:d<3 aha read my previous message :) 	0
what was your favorite birthday gift? life(: haha!! umm ink thats hard! 	0
what do you usually drink during dinner? h2o 	0
aha nah you know me:) just guess.. give me a hint :) 	0
your just a bully! 	1
@_kookooforkayla so is bully breakdown -.- lol 	0
does your bedroom door have a lock on it? no 	0
do you have classes? what's your favorite subject? not currently. im on a waiting list and i really enjoyed microbiology :) 	0
what's a word that rhymes with test? chest. 	0
you don't know what's going on in someone's life, don't judge them. you honestly don't know what cyber-bullying can make a person do. 	0
is french kissing in france just called kissing? i'd like to know..if ya find out let me know! 	0
sex sex sex spam spam spam ;d aha aw iloveyou preface 	1
@hausofpaparazzo come on.. stop bullying the girl 	1
"@prettyred_lips: bina is being so nice to jay ! @mrs_mw_bands" awe that's a first lol maybe she's only a bully when i'm around ! 	1
i am off for the night. i will spam more tomorrow but it's been a weird day and i am tired. thanks <3 night! 	0
thats bullying urgh! 	0
what do you think about men who hit women? i think it's no different than a woman to hit a man than a man to hit a woman first of all. but up foremost i believe that if a man is willing to hit a female whom is half the size half the strength half the fury then the man is half of what a real man is. he's gotta make up for something else if he feels the need to take advantage of a being thats smaller and weaker that themselves or thier own. r r hence don't think im not a feminist like all other strong figured well headed a female can do anything a man can do but lets face reality and we can't. so when it comes down to it theres noo reason a male should ever hit another female. ever. 	0
i hope you know i hate you. frances is one of my best friends! ass hole! good for you..i don't see why you hate me though? 	1
take away @revrunwisdom 's collar power & dollars then ask him who is he? a bully & just @diggysimmons dad that is all. http://bit.ly/pogew 	1
do you prefer hot coffee iced coffee or neither? hot coffee iced coffee!! :] aha 	0
don't confuse the purpose of testing vs. student learning. julia steiny: punitive testing is educational bullying http://t.co/hievhiq 	0
do humming birds hum because they dont know the words yes. they love to buzz. 	0
sahara! to the hater who said im ;ugly as fuck;;youu need to open your eyes bc know im farr from ugly''&amp;&amp; im not being conceited--just confident[; so you cann hush that[; &amp;&amp; babe if your gonna talk shit'say it to my face<3 i think i had it under control love(; 	1
gross! your face is nasty so is yours you don't see me complaining 	1
thats what i thought aha what? 	0
vv3 h@d $3xx d@ 0+h3r d@y @nd y0 p3n!$ $m3lt l!k3 p!zz@. d@$ q00d. @nd y00 cum +@$+3 l!k3 (h33$3(@k3 no we dint 	1
follow :) followed :] 	0
does it bother you when people curse at you? nash 	0
ur fokin sexy dont listen can we fuk? thnn and def. not?? 	1
besides the country where you currently live which country you want to spend the rest of your life? america is where i want to spend the rest of my life. but i couldnt mind living in the philippines for a while backpack in the european countries for a year or so and then travel around to the southern america countries like peru and aruba to see mayan ruins and dungeness :d i have plenty of place i want to see. egypt. bangkok. paris. 	0
@pigsquealerr you're a bully! 	1
if you could make one person fall in love with you who would it be? my orthodontist doctor hahahaha!! jack or am i mao! 	0
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahha your funny im not at all that's good for you you can stop talking to me. 	0
cute default. thank you lady :] 	0
are you a leader or a follower? leader <3 	0
you are stupid and ugly. that's what you are 	1
would yuh eva uk a girl named zurif ?? y not she a girl rite nd she got a pussy !! lol here 	1
sun or snow? sun. 	0
been watching bully breakdown allday. lol 	0
do you get nervous when a lot of people look at you? not at all :) look away aha 	0
pet: pet food: 12&quot; free range bully sticks thick select door free 25 pieces http://t.co/hdwdgie 	0
@sydneylove11 needs to not be a bully. #asshat 	1
is quizzes are quizzical what are tests? te 	0
it means nothing to me anymore because the person who i shed talked with is being a c u n t !! like normal i suppose what happened to the person in the shed ay ay ay!?!?! i think you and rosie need to sort this out or i think you and louise need to sort this out without the use of these questions.. 	1
do you think famous people have the right to have a private life? yes i do. :] 	0
the more i think about it @samiahr_griff bullied me!! 	1
jordan leigh baby girl no matter what happens in life you are always and forever my best friend <33 you mean the world to me fuck other shady bitches(: im always gonna be here <3 i love you so much jordankinpoonanners <3 aww your always gonna be my befriend i love you so much allykinpoonanners <3 without you i would of been dead by now you helped me so much your like my sister. i love you! <3 fuck shady tricks (: 	1
would you be afraid to find out someone you knew was in a mental hospital before? noo. id find it interesting to be honest. 	0
if you think i care about what you think of me then you&apos;ve highly over estimated my opinion of you! bitch/ aha your such a cutie..r nasty! 	1
do you wanna be my bestfriend? (last question) spam back if you wanna lates!! yes sure. why would you spam that? do you not have a bf? 	0
your comebacks suck balls so do yours 	1
who pays your phone bill? :] my mum 	0
have you ever thought of doing or getting something in a place (house room bathroom etc)but when you got there you suddenly forget what you have to do/get? yes i do that all the time. aha 	0
@moveonsaw ah-ha :d i don't bully him deep in my heart the bullying means i love him :d 	1
@mr_pope35 now wat if i had low self esteem about my weight..yu fulda just killed me bully 	1
who would you never want to meet? hmm can i say re-meet? the girl who bullied me at school. because it would result in name calling ;) lol! 	1
@dontsimperteeme linda bully meh? it's just finding you funny (: 	0
do you think it's okay for parents to push their beliefs on their children? its okay unless it effects free will. but good morals and standards aren't bad to push on a child with no form or structure that needs it. 	0
now playing: wool bully by sam the sham & the pharaohs #nowplaying 	0
when the last time you jacked off? aha i dont do that haha:) 	1
do you want to switch places with a male? nash. i like being a female :] 	0
u have a dull life. it consists of drugs weed and fire bitch ur life must suc aha weed is a drug dumbfuck..and you must be jealous of my life since you know so much about it 	0
-haa you guessed righhtt:dr its maryy(: ahh love this picture!! may because your in it babe<3 off course dundee hahahahaha!! ahhh lol! i think i love it 2 cruz im in it lol!! uk! i love yuh!! 	0
she look like she bullied people all thru stool! thick hand ass! 	1
but i want your hairy ass then after i lick it i can fuck it you know you want it shut the fuck up! i bet you're a 50 years old per! 	1
i'm honestly sick of all these people who start twitter accounts just to bully random people. its really stupid. 	1
what time is your alarm clock set for? its not. 	0
@tedcollins83 no..just bully pits. from what i remember the johnson line are good am bulldog. if u just want a pet id try a rescue. 	0
last gift you received? violin i think for my day from my boo 	0
three bully vans just went past candace's lewisham riots are starting again lord 	0
ahh true.. true.. plus it plays music xd exactly!!(: 	0
stop asking yourself questions im not..:( stop being mean for no reason. 	1
loo nice one laura ..and u gorgeous and yah elizabeth needs to get a life and stop talking shit ! and oath hm what happen with u and jocelyn ? uk how much i hate that bitch ! aha yeah thanks .. and jocelyn ink whats going down.ppl are just taking shit saying that im anna fight her.. 	1
please rt (http://caltweet.com/sb5 ) - bedroom bully &lt;-- rsvp here 	0
what's the best place near you to get some ice cream? umm..diary queen? or jackinthebox! 4 my smoothie of course not ice cream! wah 	0
what would you do if you were the first person on earth? explore the world :d 	0
yeah i'm really a liar. you're cool. r i don't lie for stupid reasons.(: okay :o 	0
aha you did hate her because she stopped talking to you for another guy hahahaha thats funny dude it's so hilarious i cant stop laughing!! 	0
@nolan_aurelia he's a dick to the bully loo that's great, there's on when the dude gets ko'd 	0
why dose rubinathy15 ask stooped questions? erase the dum beach why are you talking to me in anonymousness? be a man. show your face. sarah 	1
:3 wow ashley your fakes amuse me mao okay you are retarded to keep this page upp :] your retarded 	1
revlon if you are against bullying - › this must have more notes http://t.co/akcxkag 	0
how many people have you slept with? omg babe u work no comment 	1
where are yew from? o h i o 	0
im a guy ;why cant we just fuck and get it over with girl?:]; ha well uh alright good to know. who's this? you're funny ha. 	1
is you? beautiful!! ;d http://ww.e-castig.com/index.php?r=v1og5 kk? 	0
are you addicted to popping pimples? no lol i dont really get any 	0
#rejectedkidsbooks the idiot's guide to bullying 	0
ur ugly and common ohh thanks.. means a lot ! <3 	1
sooyoung being violent, young being bullied, sica's just staring, sunny's laughing, maknae's being make, york is stopping any from 	1
sahara why yu calling him fag ? mao . vv lmfaoo.. he/she i always dew tht.;] ily<33u2665 	1
when you hear people arguing what do you normally do? listen. duh? sahara 	0
@jayneprior aw .. i never new he got bullied. yeah i have no doubts about his career either he is go talented he can act and sing.. 	1
@tjprodigy10 oh awesome. no one should bully. ugh. :/ 	1
aye this daddy pelt wwf get outa hea bxtch!! 	1
my bully .. @wavy_jackson -.- 	1
felt bullied today.. is it me being sensitive or not?? 	1
nothing. ah-ha bath ur lameskeez fool 	1
no @paulawalnuts fuck you! how can you bully @misscaramaria and think @laurelstucky is a bitch when she does it to you? ur not special. 	1
“@mzlaina167: "@successeaker: my daughter is a bully"..yup she is lol..”lol 	1
how many floors does your home have? i just moved!! to my own apartment. so only one for me. aha but the building has 3. 	0
whos the best person to talk to online?: i like talking to jenny 	0
hello my name is javed. you seem really cool and i wanted to know if you wanted to have a coffee with me sometime so just reply at 1-800- javed :d lollo just kidding :d this is msunderstoodxx again! and i love hello strawberry to :dd it roxx!! hahahaha good one. thanks for all the questions seriously. but i still have like 398 questions that im eventually getting too!! thanks to you. aha 	0
what is ur states largest amusement park? cedar point i believe. 	0
i agree completely about hello kitty ! thank you. nice to know im not alone :) aha 	0
do you wish you were more fit? im pretty fit :) 	0
do you think we will find another life form in your life time? yes i do. 	0
@missbhumika it paint that time died! go get bullied by your little brother 	0
@iloveeladygaga sweet!! i play soccer&dance; i'm canadian ; been bullied for 5 years. ; saw gaga at the moves (: 	1
being a bully dont make you cool 	0
bully offers toronto real estate http://t.co/ilqrhvu 	0
mao , i'm not a bully ! shut up . 	1
my 6 yo son is being bullied. it's really hard to know what to do. i'm shocked that it happens this early, this young. #canofbullies 	1
this the first time i seen the bully win money 	0
what is the first thing you think of when you see a cow? moo! 	0
dude she's faking herself no one else in the world would fake her! no im not 	0
cyber pulling is a bitch, it doesn't happen to me but i notice it happen to other people. it's really stupid how openly people do it. 	1
lets jump off the bridge together! you go first.. i check if it works ill reconsider.. aha yup thats polly what would happen. the first time i went to the falls in monroe..(don't know if you've heard of them?) but its a waterfall you jump off. well anyways everyone have been there before except me and it was night of course..im a retard lol and i was the only one that would jump. no second chances :] aha 	0
will you blow me? ew no. 	1
i think century is thinking of a prank to pull on me what shall i do? pull one first 	0
the #democrats got beat up again by that big fat republican bully in the schoolyard. barry will stand tall the next time.that'll be the day. 	1
do you like your name? yea :) 	0
@mbachmann4pres there's nothing to change, nor to debate. you need to get a grip and stop bullying people. 	1
no you wont. aha listen asshole you can't sit there and try to tell me about my feelings unless you know me on a personal level and we're good friends. 	1
mao! v ( : you silly girl :d 	0
now i realize why roger was such a bully--it's bc he's a ginge! #doug #90snick 	1
:] im sorry im not the one being a fake of some lady lol common now >.> be your damn self (: and im not fucking mental i know what js means. i think you need to stu and get a damn life instead of beng on here and faking some girl ; btw nice comeback! i didn;t say you were mental i put that because some people don't what means due. your comebacks suck too 	1
do you own any band tu2013shirts? yes. emery. marisa. all the day holiday 	0
whatu2019s the longest youu2019ve gone without taking a bath? like a week. 	0
abc is considering rebecca black a bully victim. well don't put up a horribly bad, stomach lurching, scream inducing video. 	1
@jaelynnsmommee well i'll be. she a lil bully huh 	1
i haven't watched bully breakdown in a minutes #lovemayhem 	0
favorite radio station? currently i like the frequency 94.9 	0
my bully is my maternal twin #winning! 	1
you're one of the ugliest bitches i've ever fucking seen have you seen your face lately because if you had you wouldn't be talkin hun (: 	1
what are you waiting for atm? nothing 	0
if you could learn any magic trick which would you like to learn? hmm. how to cut people in half. hahahha 	0
i haven't done anything bad!:p @isabelmariee, karma will hunt you, for been a bully 	1
could you go out in public looking like you do now? most defiantly. im in gym shorts and a tank. no makeup and ready to run :] sahara but unfortunately formspring is keeping me inside! hahahaha 	0
do you wanna die? i'll kick you in the nutts and run bitch 	1
surprise parties u2013 yes or no? why or why not? yes. because they're awesome and i love surprises. 	0
let's start the party on our profiles. i hope i could catch up if yew. :)) aha sure 	0
@jeff_gluck he is a damn big bully 	1
i fucked anthony u dumb hoe bitch and just to tell u im jessica aha false 	1
what are you doing tomorrow? dont like to make plans. ever. so ink ..you tell me? :] 	0
anything your parents should know about?: show your face 	0
did you ;celebrate; 4/20.?r lol nope. its been a while actually lol 	0
what's the most delicious meal you've ever had? wow. this is a hard 1 i dna think ive had 1 or i have many! i love my smoothie tho! summit! 	0
do any of your friends have children? yes 	0
have you ever found something in your clothes you didn't know was there? yeah. money i love finding it too 	0
what was the worst place you've travelled to? georgia columbus. 2 b exact. i dislike it. boring!! atlanta is where its at! ;* 	0
@realmandyrain the for the site, never been bullied but i know many that have :\ #stopbullying #stopthehate 	1
never be bullied into silence. never allow yourself to be made a victim. accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself. 	0
@qt_badd678 you just are, bully :) 	1
aha u hannah five amber she soft .!! on friday we gunn five her @ dah dog park. aha lol uh huh w.e u say anonomouss.;] 	1
the poor hamster got bullied and his ear bit off aww bless him! 	1
r u gay? for you [: 	1
what is the last store you went to at the mall? kohl's actually. 	0
what are you tired of hearing about? bitching. from everyone. be yourself but if you open your mouth and step on toes or say something that isn't what everyone wanted to hear then i should know better. it gets really old!! and im tired of hearing it. either take the truth and listen or dont and move on with your life.!! 	0
aha thanks to you or i would have never been named an honorary ninja :) aha yee im awesome(: 	0
@soshiszun @chucksterchun oh wow ! so detail? aha . kok! so must be ok lah? but still , don't bully him . he's actually damn sad. 	1
@bella_jella97 i'm in middle school, and yes i'm a bully victim too sorry! i know it's horrible! 	1
do you fall asleep during the day and cannon sleep at night? sometimes. i did that a lot when i was sick this past we 	0
i have been the one who has been calling you a hoe and shit cut bitch justin has a fucking girl friend so back the fuck off and quit throwing your self at him. your a whore. ok i dint no he had one. 	1
@lordfimm @bentleysbird @candida6 i followed avonspurs a few days ago as believe he's a cyber bully & a complete cock. i stand by it. 	1
have you ever done anything illegal? and if so what was it? hmm..illegal huh? r yes. ive gotten 2 dui's in the same year before i learned its not a good idea to drink and drive. i've smoked green. and shroomies are my favorite. though i do not do drugs anymore. r dont judge mee :( aha 	0
@oohnicole your a bully xd 	1
smile4mexx is trailer trash. a racist fat cow. a bimbo fucking slut. and worthless as hell. all she's good for is someone using he body for sex and dumping her on the street when they're done using her ;) thats not very nice :/ 	1
whether life's disabilities left you outcast bullied or teased rejoice and love yourself today cause baby u where born this way!! 	0
@arngrim omg! that's messed up!! although not on that scale i do know what it's like to have the teacher take the side of the bully over me. 	1
@teddyduncan2 g; i dont know! all my life ive bullied buzz im fat or ugly! i dont believe anyone now ! 	1
what the hell. back to you 	0
do you think you could survive being a prisoner or war(pow)? ink. that'd be hard but i think so 	0
when ? my page says 3 min ago lol btw.. ur not ugly and whoever said that is dumb 	1
@mel_star90 i'm getting bullied about my phone, :/ lol need to do something about it soon! lol 	1
@louisejones_x oh no have they (don't know who they are) been doing racial bullying and eating other people's rations already?! 	0
lol [: your a funny kidd you know that? [; well i do now :p 	0
what was the last gift you gave? i think to my brother..for his birthday. :] 	0
shouldn't the opposite of shut up be shut down? i guess so. ha 	0
@bellathorne143 u never noticed me or my sweets against i being bullied 	1
do you think people that are curious about when the world is going to end are morbid? nash. they're just curious 	0
what would you do if you found out the car you were in was stolen? wonder why im in it? and whos it was 	0
do children bully more than grow-ups ? .. your opinion please .. :) 	0
if you could be born into history as any famous person who would it be and why? julia roberts. 	0
are you gaayy;)x umm i think not.. ;) 	1
liar you don&#39;t have a bf! vv lol i know this information(: thank you 	1
delta get bullied at school /: my poor by! 	1
your a dumb cunt. and you think your big shift when you agent even the dirt under my feet. your a piece of shit actually. your psychotic too. ha.what a winner. go kill yourself. hahahhahaha thanks darling (: &amp; no thanks 	1
do you consider yourself creative? yes =d 	0
do wear vans ? the shoes . no but not because i don't like them i just think their operated. i have a pair of shoestringless nike that i rock :) their sweet cause they look like gym shoes but their slip on and offs! love em. 	0
will this weekend be a good one? ink i don't really look forward to the weekend. just means there's another week coming ahead. 	0
what can you not be trusted with? trusting others. 	0
yeah sorry i was in a weird mood then aha =p ooh your bio says you love dirty questions hmm ok then heres one you ever fucked a guy ?? =') no. 	1
hey #superhero fans. we have a collection of #stanlee videos about #disability #bullying #adhd and more http://ow.ly/64bd4 #akhca 	0
@benwisemelb @mickmalthouse has enough on his plate than to be bullied in to solving the ills of the world. 	0
do you feel under appreciated? yes 	0
@jimwaldorf2 if that were the case, surely there would be no bullying in america or individuals 'going postal'?! 	0
why are yous dumb? mm not? well i dont mean it :/ x 	1
@j_fleetwood who do you think?? complete psycho i can't stand who bullied me relentlessly for two years? 	1
aha damn the ninja thing gave it away aha yep 	0
who is ur lover?? well for right now no one iss_): 	0
hello? hey hows yah momma?! 	0
@jasmina_nicole :( your a bully!! lol 	1
so you wont? lol you forgot the ending. it goes like this ;i would if i could but i cant so i wont; <3 i know but i knew you would'nt be able to resist the urge to finish it :)) 	0
what do you always pray for? the cancer my little brother had to never come back! 	0
hahahaha. i love how they post everything anonymously. taxi isn&#39;t fake. if anyone is fake it&#39;s that cheyenne girl. seriously just leave taxi alone you dumb good for nothing people :d sarah thankyou!! :d 	1
do you have a t.v. in your bedroom? nope. 	0
@kabthadon bro i listen to numbers every morning real bully iss 	0
fourth circuit court upholds school discipline of student for internet bullying http://ht.ly/670ev #bullying #sm #schools 	0
have you ever been french kissed by a dog?: no 	0
minnesota gay teens bullied by adults, peers, say activists - reuters http://t.co/eg3zfhl 	0
i miss her bullying me o_0 is that odd ? lol . 	1
do you ever think of becoming a model? yes 	0
@fuckkem i did not bully you. 	1
watching bully breakdown 	0
rebecca black was bullied too much and is now home schooled. at least she doesn't have to decide which seat to sit in to ride to school 	1
done slamming for now. leave me things? hint hint wink wink say no more? mao! <3 kk 	0
do you know how to change a tire? change oil? change a spark plug? yes. yes. and i have the idea of it. as long as i have the paper that tells me which numbered spark plug goes where..i could do it :) 	0
r who&#39;s the biggest douche bag that you know? you. 	1
i am off for the night. i hope you have great one! i will talk to you people tomorrow morning before my family shows up. <3 kk :] 	0
seriously, does anyone who's worked not have a story about workplace #bullying from some time in their career? just curious. 	0
what's your favorite couture video? the universal dance man 	0
i love adt! vv they're my fav. i know every song by heart. serious? they are a good band :d 	0
i keep getting bullied which im pretty sure im gonna end it 	1
@dubuchan aww fat needy girl who always being a bully target buchan lol 	1
@steffybabyx3 u mean n u a bully loo 	1
so are you talking to shirt or frances? its hard to keep up playa playa lol. frances :) 	0
@ariellemimi sorry i dint know you were a cyber bully. 	1
what does the last text message on your phone say? free cookies at subway! start the week off right with a free cookie at subway! receive 10 points redeemable for a free cookie with any purchase today.r r of course it had to be the longest text ever. aha i had a subway card and get those dumb texts all the time sahara 	0
what are you having for dinner? who is cooking? do you cook your own dinner? ink yet. polly no one cause my boo wont cook anymore for some odd reason and im sick so i wont be eating. usually i do but here lately i havent ate much 	0
what character from a movie most reminds you of yourself? i hate repeat questions. ha 	0
@nightskies_ you say can let me bully right! :@ 	1
name your 2 favorite colors and why? purple and green.r always has been my favorite since i was a kid and green just makes me happy and looks good on me aha 	0
any living grandparents ?? not grandparents.. 	0
are your underwear and socks folded in your drawer or just thrown in? folded 	0
how do you feel when someone disagrees with everything you have to say? it makes conversation aha 	0
look i love bullying that girl 	1
if you could go back in time 10 years and tell your younger self something what would it be? life is never going to be easy. 	0
im mad at you though really why ?? 	1
oh god not you again. same here 	1
i speak english french and a little arabic cut i've been to egypt a lotta times :d omg! really?! cool thats so awesome! yeah i wanna learn more languages but french is already enuff 2 deal wit! ha 	0
@lifeisrkoingme i know @k_a_n_a_ made yuri san cry at a smash conference. @k_a_n_a_ is a bully lol 	1
what's under your bed? :o the floor. :p 	0
don't get bullied, add codes. 13 new codes found. 	0
ur gunn get jumped. u stupid bitch. what the fuck? 	1
tammy is a bully!! 	1
@cassiebronswify nun un :/ no bully here i'm no tammy 	1
have you ever dyed your hair an unnatural color? nope 	0
hey do you have a hairy ass i would love to put my lounge deep in you ewe! dude get a life! 	1
im not a bully .. 	1
@markusfeehily http://lockerz.com/s/126894814 i watch my little girl live her life after bullying and abuse ty for supporting this cause xx 	1
bugs bunny or mickey mouse? whats up doc? 	0
football | barclays premier league | neville: we bullied arsenal "invincibles" | espnstar.com http://t.co/vpmzziz via @espn_star 	0
@siriusjay great job not backing down to a 50 year old bully! he came across as vain,small, egomaniacal and thin skinned. kudos. 	1
@stopbullying courage is fire, and bullying is smoke 	0
why do girls call themselves ;5 star chicks; butt they still live at home with their mom? -_- mao 	0
guess what you should do? get a life. i don't even know you so why would you even start shit with me?! seriously you must be a bit messed up in the head. pathetic. i have one for your information nope i ain't messed up 	1
ello (: hay :] 	0
i have 100+questions in my into yesterday.but now only 100!!i dint answer any questions from yesterday.what happened to remaining questions?did this happen to you? :'( ohh no. they must have disappeared idk? 	0
@webieberarmy would u wanna help with a demi support/ stop bullying video?(: you don't have too, just asking! &lt;3 	0
because you&apos;re stupid. why the fuck would you ask me something if your anna answer for you dumbass.. but thanks for your ;timee;<3 	1
my momma bear is a bully -.- ;d 	1
what is one thing you can't live without?? :] its me right? sahara of c 	0
the fukk? wht? 	1
favorite boyu2019s name? ember. 	0
what is the funniest nick-name someone you know has? dirt. 	0
labor keen on bullying nt families not helping them .. mills 	0
outer me? 	0
what do you do when you get upset? cry like a baby 	0
your picture looks shopped.. i told your monitor to punch you in the face like. 	1
i like how everyone writes you just to insult you. seriously all your questions are missing you! sarah. are you sure im not missing you 	1
so you said you were on your way like an hour ago you only live like 15 min away..where you be? ;d its more like 5 mins :) and i was delayed by a train ;) 	0
what's the best place near you to get a drink? sahara! wait what kind of drink! lol well jackinthebox is like not even a mile away from my house! so there! i guess this what ur skin mao! xp 	0
if you had to remove a part of your body bec. it has cancer cells.. what part of your body would you choose? why? if i had to choose. one ear because i wouldn't have to loose all my hearing and noone would see the defect of losing a part of my body. i would cover it with my hair. 	0
have you been to any ocean park? i don't know what an ocean park is.. but if it counts i've went to seaward twice :] 	0
whats you favorite movie of all time love-sweet november. r comedy-mr. deeds :] 	0
what annoys you about living where you live now? everything!!hahaha 	0
how can you love your enemy? with love all things are possible. its scary. 	0
@courtneysadders it was hot right?;) sarah he told me he hated me:( bully!xx 	1
hobbies rollerblading painting doodling formspringing eating planting flowers smiling taking pictures reading drawing writing always. :] 	0
what's keeping you busy? formspringg aha noo..my boyfriend. were always out staying busy. 	0
as a kid did you have a collection of anything? (shayla's papal buys her a kids harley shirt from every store he stops at.) i collected bernie babies when i was younger :) loved them had cases for them and everything!! 	0
hey suck it hoe. why are you so cruel? 	1
i want my mom to __. come over and cook me dinner. she an amazing cook :] 	0
does being yelled at bother you? do you yell back? i yell back sometimes but i dont like to be yelled at 	0
@dougiedonnelly way to go the bully wee! think they can keep it going though? 	1
when you looked at yourself in the mirror today what was the first thing you thought? i need to shower. aha 	0
@amelia_ong sahara! sick still can bully people! sick more k, die soon! sahara! 	1
hi!how are you?thanks for slamming hello there dear :) and your very welcome. 	0
do you like it when people just randomly come over? yes. 	0
not like you no hands no legs right. if you think juniors are good t be bullied then you're so wrong. 	1
what was the first thing you thought when you woke up? the love of my life :] 	0
so i heard that a lot people were complaining on too much spam so now we are allowed 100 only? wow? thats annoying 	0
have you ever asked someone out on a date? yes. 	0
@thisdudeleo you stalk my twitter. yep. don't deny it. #bully 	1
how many friends do you have on facebook? like 480 er something like that. but who really talks to that many people. aha i think i only talk to like 9 of them all the time hahahaha 	0
good morning sunshine! ^^ good morning. 	0
@relishyourwit kk! but seriously, also consider cyber bully. it was cheesy, but emily was actually really good in it! you'd be proud 	0
everyone in this house can u just leave me alone and stop getting ur kicks out of bullying me !! 	1
did you have a good day ?? yes i did :) 	0
dna be a #cyberbully or a real #bully in life karma is horrible! - #happilyme 	0
-woaahh! like dude i'm in your backround!! :d awesome! <3 ilybbyy(: - marryy!!??/ lol! its yuh boo!! sahara noo burr suckkaa!! nash i love yuh mooee!! 	0
who would make a better spy..a woman or a man? depends on who their spying on.. 	0
see im makin u famous dese girls crazy dawg lol nigra uk a big ass dik 	1
do you buy things online? not too often. 	0
media availability: experts on bullying and suicide of lgb youth available for interview |cam nude web|: washin.. http://t.co/jguzovu 	0
what is the craziest thing you have seen lately? hmm i havent seen anything crazy lately. its been more like huh bed. sleep. sick. sleep more. aha 	0
besides the chick who&#39;s starting shit won&#39;t back it up and isn&#39;t even saying who she is. amen! sahara its pretty much just annoying now except its kinda a compliment people think im fake :) 	1
do you like the smell of cigarettes? noo. 	0
@blog44 how the political right bullied the us government into ignoring the threat of right-wing extremism: http://t.co/ocz8hgj 	0
[en] conservative mp’s family falls victim to online bullying: http://t.co/emqbrt0 	0
rumour has it that bull hareem is "on my head". i thought he was over that ass whipping i gave him. fuck it. he kno's where i live. 	1
@mellymel1155 lol you say picked on like their teasing abd bullying you.. but i understand what you mean. 	0
do you miss your past? i miss being a kid. yes. 	0
leave desk alone bully boy lol.. thats his kevin n perry get up!! :p @rickyp1969 @vinylmasakist @acid_ash 	1
have you ever been to six flags? no but i so wanna go this year! 	0
am i crazy or does anyone else think that you probably shouldn't have heels like the bells at the "anti-bullying" rallies? 	0
ur having a party and notice a group of people you dint invite how do you go about getting them to leave? tell them. aha 	0
stay off of my formspring? i don't even know who you are.. why should i 	1
big bully! today's daily human is the notorious genghis khan (d. 8/25/1227): ath features http://t.co/p5ayuea #history 	0
the next day they called me in the office and said i'm bullying her by saying that. 	1
how many siblings do you have? 1 	0
@sugarshai no one is but i just hate seeing kids who don't do anything get bullied lol 	0
what're you wearing right now? a came and gym shorts :] aha 	0
what was your last awkward moment? hmm we just had one but i cant remember what it was..haha oh well 	0
#thingsweneedtochange bullying :( 	0
if jesus was alive now he'd be bullied for being a geek.. 	0
ah-ha my mom is dead :) but thanks ugly ass bitch that no body knows and has no life and has to talk shit on formspring to pretty girls that she is jealous of :) alright bitch. you ain't pretty shh don't make me laugh 	1
do you have one or more whitney spears c.d.? all three baby :) 	0
wat concerts have you been too? aaron carter tayside secondhand serenade hoping for haley and carrie underwood 	0
what did you think when you found out snape could have been harry potter's father? craziness. 	0
nobody should bully a sweet girl like @amelliaa . ._. 	1
i was a fucking base. "@ohsochoochie: #whenifirstmet @lepaashandy i hated her coz my befriend said she bullied the hell outta her" 	1
random song of the day? its only life. katie vogel 	0
have you ever been to those cyber cafes to use the internet? how much they charge per hour? i did a long time ago &amp;&amp; its 3 dollar an hour!! nope 	0
what were you like as a kid? carefree fun laughing giggly silly girl that loved barbies and using her imagination and learning and acting like she was older and more mature than she ever was.. :) aha 	0
;i have one for your information; wwf. that's my life not yours. you best think twice before you try to steal my stuff bitch. bitch who the fuck said i was stealing your stuff? dumb fuck 	1
heyy!! how u doin!! im doing good thankyuh!!heyy hbu?! 	0
l00k under your bed..! my bed is on the floor unfortunately. i know i hate it too! we're moving though :0 	0
what is your zodiac sign? aries. 	0
how many different kinds of solitaire do you know how to play? the one and only :] 	0
can i smell ur feet nope mr anonymous. 	0
where would you like to spend your retirement? haha..when i turn 60 ish ask me this! lol 	0
you a sexy momma =) ah-ha thanks 	0
@loyalsusie58 lol def! ;) and its no prob! u or any other loyal need help, i'm here! i love cross as well, and no one should be bullied!! 	1
@take_aguess. :) when you going home i'm sick of you bullying me :( 	1
@louloubell1985 try telling parent and parents that. some of it is shameless and amounts to bullying. how great were their grades tho? x 	0
project bully alsatian shepherd owners beware of breed specific legislation: a lot of times the alsatian shepher.. http://t.co/tg8xveu 	0
ass face -_- ( y ) 	1
@villarunner but don't follow this guy. he's a bully. with a scary, 'i don't give a fuck' pic. avoid at all costs. 	1
get a life you twisted bitch! you get a life 	1
if you could master one skill what would it be? to never sin but will never happen! see im already sinning never say never! 	0
how many dicks fit in your vagina? i've never even tried one so.. 	1
do you get annoyed when other people display bad manners? yeah 	0
do more people know u by a nickname or by your first name? first. 	0
your mad ugly. true talk. like your face 	1
@jewellerybygina @jinkksy online pulling is the worst 	0
my computer does that too! ;invalid request; aha thanks for all the questions :] :[ computers are dumb sometimes. and yup you too! i had like 110 because of you :] well and cause i dint get on all weekend..haha 	0
what was the best concert you went to? jonas brothers concert 8/13/09 ;d i still love em but justin bigger is thee shit! 	0
@alyxpleaden @angry_regard @avfc_06 consider it revenge for the heartless twitter bullying :p 	1
bullying * 	0
if you saw a serious crime take place and if you told you could possibly be killed would you tell? yes :) 	0
@kaylameares you're a bully, lol but i love you too! 	1
lmao.. ;yurr really funny skinny ass bitchh;.. hm.. that isn't really much of an insult now is it? what if i was fat? lol u suck at talk shit :] later white trash sank :] ur super ugly nd that guy u like really int gonna come back around for u. later ahhh your funny really funny add i dtt want hatt guy too come back too mee any moree.ndd yeah i suck at taking shit.?i jett dtt talk shift over this i would talk itt to your face iff i knew whoo this wass.bitch.! get a life add stop worrying about mines..! 	1
what's the furthest you've ever traveled? virginia 	0
im a ninja if that helps shira? :) 	0
bold, stand, strength, the issue of bullying.. #school & other..truth & some inspiration #moms #kids #teach.. http://t.co/53rerjy. #dads 	0
have you ever been ashamed to use your cellphone in public because it was so outdated? nope. :) 	0
@epiphanyrenee lol let's not get grand u fall in a plethora of categories 2 many 2 name lol petty,stubborn,bossy & a bully just 2 name a few 	1
secret's anti-bullying campaign grows casebook likes more than ever: http://t.co/o6bfgkz 	0
nah you wish so ..no. 	0
#nw bully breakdown ! 	0
are you mental? she made a proof video! you cant lie are you 	0
worst food you've eaten that you almost throw up? sour kraft. i hate that stuff for some reason. 	0
if drugs had no bad effect on your health..would you do them? sugary and fast foods have a bad effect on your health you still eat them dont you??!?!?! 	0
hmm what questionss? into me some ideas ;] sure 	0
what trait do you love the most and least about yourself? my independence. 	0
do u like casey conde as a friend?? aha deaf not stupid sank. 	1
yes it's bully ray @smarkrage do you happen to know bully ray's real name? 	1
edward takes stand against bullying in powerful campaign: a caption discouraging bullying and encouraging toler.. http://bit.ly/mycx1n 	0
give your kids the gift of knowledge – share a book about bullying and how to be a friend. http://t.co/v43vinw 	0
@heatworld darren would be kitemark housemaid, he's controlling & a bully #cbb #bbuk 	1
kelly osbourne goes from fat to big fat bully at deceiver.com http://bit.ly/n4dleh 	1
@sayymiaa mao naw.. nobody likes me, but thank you! you're nice too, when you're not trying to bully ppl 	1
cold is bullying against single people 	0
what's the last thing you ate? yogurt :] 	0
where did you learn how to drive? i learned in the freeway lol i was paranoid as fuck!! on roads? 	0
laura my love dont listen to the pathetic little bitches that wish and hope they were you.you are wonderful and beautiful and smart and all the shit talkers are just little pussy because i bet they would never say that stuff to your face..p.s iloveyou<3 aha aw i love you too<33 	1
are there any people on couture that you subscribe too and always watch their vids? nash 	0
martial arts, spiritual growth, and anti-bullying: a good way to help your child to develop such traits is through martial arts. depe.. 	0
@yeenboutthtlife lmao..you are a low-key bully 	1
@you_lovesam goodnight cyber bully :) 	1
@ynwa_16 @alexrpayne im not talking to you anymore, you just bully me :p 	1
do you make the jokes or laugh at them? both. but usually make them 	0
do you own a pair of dice? noo 	0
do you like your living arrangement? not really 	0
what is the one thing in the world that makes you tears eyed?: . 	0
i'm not against spanking a child, but if that's your only way to control a child's behavior, that makes you a bully. 	0
player ! you wish! 	0
do you want to teach your kid that it's ok to make a scene and bully cashiers over a .45 cent happy meal toy? such entitlement, it's sad. 	1
tristan a bully lol 	1
cyber bullying almost makes no sense 2 me. if you dont like something press the x button, delete your account, live life. nothing 2 die from 	0
i've never seen a bully take someone's lunch money like in the old movies and television shows! 	0
did alix uk yu up wwf bitch innit gary nd no da fuck he unit like wat ilk like only do gurle now clear it! bitch !! 	1
#wheniwas13 i used to bully my sister @_hakoona_matata , and i still love to do dat !! 	1
what is something you never want to lose? my heart/ 	0
what is cool&amp;hot and only as smart as the person using it? a hair dryer? 	0
name everyone that made you smile this week hmm..i had been sick all we so ive only been around timothy. and well i tested chess. so i guess just them two. oh and you :) your questions make me smile sometimes sahara 	0
bullying the chubby couple damn fun let :d 	1
fanny or dick? willy ;) 	1
why do you think people stalk other people? yes 	0
r we really surprised that bullying n school has increased when we he removed prayer? no god, no peace! #wakeup 	0
are you awaiting piercings/tattoos? not currently. 	0
i'm glad i'm not playing at te the first game. i'm playing lg. emma be bullying them boys around 	0
your so hot you give me wood dont talk to me :( 	1
what do you think of women who wear revealing clothing front of kids? its stupid. 	0
do you like mustard? love it 	0
@morganmcclain she need to switch her bully game up its 2011 and she still cursing out people 	1
kids across green country are headed back to school wearing yellow for lets take a stand against bullying :). do.. http://t.co/jzapyde 	0
too late i hate you i could give two shits and a fuck about your hatred for me :) 	1
what do you think about mothers who go out and get trashed? (personally i think it's irresponsible.) irresponsible. your correct. i think theres a time to party and a time to grow and and realize that your an adult now. its time for the party to be over! 	0
have you ever thought about how life actually started? yes. not sure really. maybe the earth and all the planets are just tiny specs of dirt in a giants pocket somewhere.. 	0
are you frightened of spiders? not too much. used to be when i was little 	0
are you in college? what course are you taking? not currently. and im in nursing school. on a waiting list to be exact :0 	0
dennis roman was a crazy ass bully .. 	1
@masonrhade normal life? she getting bullied and harassed. accepting that by anyone is bullshit 	1
she ot me right by her side bitch! an at least i can show my dam info pussy ass v mhm yup and so will 100 more and ill rach .u2665 	1
no i dont why on earth would i wish for something like that?! i actually wish you would stop being a fucking player! how am i a player at all? maybe if you knew me then you would know that im the one who gets played.. 	0
what does music do for you? it calms my mind in the world chaos of insanity. 	0
does it annoy you when someone says they'll call but never do? if its someone that 	0
ever felt that no one relates to you? yes. all the time. 	0
:o lol no freaking way! btw i dint ask that :d no freaking way what?? 	0
how is your best friend? my bestest. 	0
@knouase oh you could be right plus didn't shelly try to bully her. 	1
name a movie or movies you can watch over and over? juno sweet november mr. deeds :] 	0
one night you wake up because you heard a noise. you turn on the light to find that you are surrounded by mummies. the mummies aren't really doing anything they're just standing around your bed. what do you do? go back to sleep and hope its a dream hahahahahha 	0
how do you stay so cute? ink aha thanks but there are always those that are outer. 	0
i beat that pussy up&it don't fight back im a bully.lol @plainjanee101 	0
taxi isn&#39;t fake in anyways so go suck a fat one. seriously. i will beat your ass. i love you tabi<3 ((: <3 thankyouu!! 	1
hey im ashley im tired of everyone commenting on my damn formspring talking shit .. 	0
what annoying habits does your best friend have? not standing up for herself. 	0
lmfaoo , is tony bullying mary?? 	1
el paso anti- bullying coalition http://t.co/pxlbuy7 	0
do you get annoyed when someone cuts in front of you when you are waiting in line? yes. 	0
your answer to the banana question was wrong! what do banana's make you think of?! answer right this time bitch ho! you just called me a bitch ho!! lol! now bananas make me think of stabbing you in the gut. how productive of me :) 	1
@superdanv88 trying to bully users into buying on vilar is abusive! ;) 	1
@cherlloiyd me haci bullying :c 	0
obese not close to obese 	0
@kurthummel0 m: he bullied you because you're a freak. and that's all there is to it. 	1
why or why not should i delete my fs? because i want to ask you questions!! dont delete your formspring!! :{ 	0
i wish people dint bully other people :/ 	1
ohh &amp;&amp; hes definately drowning!! (; sikes! that nigga's a lil eadbangerz :) 	0
what would be the single most worst thing for you to hear? i hate you. 	0
i am soo scrapbooking the past weekend!! really!!??! aha 	0
say your driving at night and you see a man on the side of the road screaming for help do you stop? same thing again man nor woman it makes no difference. i would see i suppose 	0
are you afraid of heights? defiantly not. im a thrill seeker. 	0
being bullied into unloading clips~ xd so if you watch~ turn the volume down~ i'll scar you for life xd 	1
what are you talking about gayy'boyyu2665 did text you back you dint text me back!? maybe you should text me now!! :) 	0
vv so you have nutts? i knew it. sahara yea maybe you should grow some and take it off anonymous next time (: 	1
my daughter & nephew fighting ! my daughter is a bully ! 	1
have you ever cried in public? not that im aware 	0
what is a question you have yet to be asked? whats my birthstone? 	0
don't you just hate it when you can't find a decent working pen especially when you need to write something important? ^_^ yes!~!! 	0
do you talk more? i like to talk yes. 	0
boxers or briefs.. or boxer briefs lol i wear undies dude. sahara 	0
how long have you gone with out bathing? like a week. hahahaha 	0
guess who this is?? r i am not fake at all r rachel and steph r are one of the best sisters r in that world. r i&apos;m begging you r hop off r i don&apos;t even know you. r we never had a damn conversation. r go find something better to do with yourself. .. get a life! 	1
what do you need to change about yourself? my anger. i get frustrated to easily. it sucks thinking the world should be nice and everyone should respect one another. its really annoying :/ 	0
jenna know she be getting bullied in school #beyondscaredstraight 	1
slut leave betty alone cunt face she is the slut 	1
fuck hoes, dumbass's, sluts, dicks, whores, conceded bitches, wanna be's, bully, pussies, and justin beiber's. 	1
is april really your sister? related by blood? yes she is by blood. always has always will be :) 	0
what is happiness to you? confusing. 	0
@terryjr91 yeah. mostly it was this one guy who verbally bullied me at school and on my livejournal/everywhere online. 	1
“@thr: .@msrebeccablack forced to drop out of school amid bullying http://t.co/1hkwygn” say what you want, this is terrible. 	0
do u want 2 uk my dick? umm i don't wanna catch anything :/ sorry(: 	1
have you ever cheated in a relationship? nope never. would never. 	0
@tori_1098 @vincastronovo @dapitbull63 @austinmahone mao ur crying bc u died. so selfish!! lol uk uk ;p 	0
if you could choose to live on a different planet which one would you choose? to live..pluto still. it'd be like living in alaska aha 	0
thats a lie. no. 	0
@emmaxxchloe is a bully :( 	1
have you ever been to hollywood ca? nope not yet :) 	0
"@liveyourdreems_: @pellenino @letsgetit_nas sh all some bully's"#imdonetho 	1
favorite food? anything ethnic!! 	0
@gaemgyu poppa save me from @lenahyukjae because she always bullied me everyday..t.t 	1
@ariellemimi back to cyber-bullying. 	0
@sarahbmaslow_rc it kinda was tho:/, + if it was a girl who bullied you, why would you be like "stop bitching to my friend, yeah? after (c) 	1
i love you chica!<33 no no no! i love you moree<33 ;d haha!! 	0
u kno u want to fuck me. hath who is this? 	1
yew eva considered smashing a whit3 girl wit nice nipples?? sure nd have smashed a white girl 	1
do you like this dress i ordered earlier? http://ww.topshop.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/productdisplay?beginindex=20&amp;viewallflag=false&amp;catalogid=19551&amp;storeid=12556&amp;categoryid=160952&amp;parent_category_rn=42344&amp;productid=1762331&amp;langid=-1 pretty 	0
@vivalacb adele, pitbull, rumour to be jay and kane, lil wayne, rumour to be drake, lady gaga is the opener 	0
lol we use to bully him ! 	1
"don't allow love to turn into lust, setting off a downhill slide into sexual promiscuity, filthy practices, or bullying greed." - eph. 5:3 	0
wow you fucked austin when he dadda girl aha and if you seriously think that people are jealous because you did you are fucking dumb as hell because im pretty sure that austin would fuck anything that moves .. so don&apos;t feel to special my dear. &amp;that&apos;s hahahahahaha i just laugh cause you don't know nothing if you wanna fuck him go for it sweetheart &amp; i didn't know he had one ha 	1
bob pepe? 	0
hey thanks for the questions ;] i need sleep now.. it's 2am here.. [funny we keep on updating each other about the time] i'll flood you tomorrow :) aha yeah okay. sounds good :] sleep well. 	0
your attitude is so fun :) thank yuh soo muchh!!;d im liking yours 2 wah! 	0
sahara rebecca black's been pulled out of school due to bullying, she said 'kids walk past me and sing friday in a really basally voice' lol 	1
do cats have psychic powers to control baby minds and tell them to take over the bahamas and control the worlds supply of milk? hmm perhaps? 	0
your a fagg you're a bitch 	1
define what a bitch is aha well its real meaning is a female dog. :) ahhahar but i would define it as:r an inconsiderate person that doesn't care what people think nor if or how they hurt another persons feelings. someone who is usually insecure of themselves and have to put other people down to make themselves feel better about ones self. sahara 	0
favorite christmas movie? its a beautiful life. 	0
<3 i love you you're so beautiful. i wanna be your boyfriend too. sure you do liar 	0
are you shemale? no im a female aha who wrote this 	1
@jordinwegner is bullying me 	1
stop making fun of amy warehouse and michael jackson, #rickcastellano is a bully. 	1
what would your perfect day look like? me&amp;god eating chicken wings on his throne <3 ah-ha 	0
niggers dude.. 	1
in scale from 1-5 how afraid of dark are you? 3 	0
you an your sexy cookiegina are at the top of the food chain babe >:d no you are ;d ills <3 	1
do you have a bf?? nope ;/ but not having a bf does mean the world ends;] i guess im waiting 4 the 1 ya kno? abu mamas?! 	0
what is answer you hate hearing? ink 	0
why do you think people get irate over little things? nothing else to do in life. 	0
oh you're just a bully! #dfkm 	1
i love your hair. iloveyou! thanks a lot! but its a lot 2 keep up wit! wanna trade aha! 	0
@nikkivnvme your a bully stop always picking on people nicole gosh 	1
i entered an amen 175/165 bull put spread for september. i am looking for 195 to go further long calls. 	0
speaker at tea party rally:they made it about collective bargaining, it's about collective bullying. we are not going to be bullied anymore 	1
i herd u fused krone in 6 grade umm i herd i dna even talk tew 6th traders let alone uk them danny! i noe its u. 	1
- limbo (vv] once amen hayley stank ass starting with people . aha . don`t waist you`re time on her she dee soft . she anna run away . lol and k she lames 	1
what food are you burnt out on? im soo hungry now. ink of any right now aha im eating grapes. 	0
you're retarded never mind. k. 	1
bahahahahhaha ;p lmaoo!! 	0
ever fell for the same guy more than once? nope. 	0
you is a bully 	1
how often do you go to the salon and get something done to your hair? like twice a month 	0
calm down! calm down don't get a big dick! don't talk shit about total! 	1
how old were you when you learned to swim? ink how old i was when i started doing anything dude. lol 	0
what gives you peace of mind? helping someone without them knowing who did it. 	0
do you get upset easily? not too easy. 	0
who is the wind beneath your wings? god. 	0
what's your favorite drink? lemenadee(: 	0
it's obvious that you're bullying innocent foreigners and embracing the bad ones.. how stupid can you get? 	1
@uhohitsjordyn okay . shoot me ! cut your making it seem that i should live anymore. whos the bully now? 	1
u are soo nasty ! naw im jug freaky 	1
@nataytayrow no what happened? i saw that she created it to bully someone.. and apparently bully is not in the dictionary "billy" 	1
@chongi123 i want to use cannot? :( bully me! 	1
andrew once again stop talking to my friends. nobody likes you. you think your hot shit and thats whats annoying. bye failed rapist :) hahahaha :d 	1
@stephyalexi @reppincanadajdb replying to u has got nothin to do with stephanie, how dare u think u have the right to fink u can bully any1! 	1
which are better: legs or lincoln logs? legs. 	0
@jameswmk1 something bad as usual. i am just a dumb girl that get bully everytime. 	1
movies or music? repeat. 	0
@jessiejofficial i was bullied a lot in school and now im happy because im at the top of my game and their not! ha #whoslaughingnow :) ill x 	1
ma bite da tip of yo dick off n splatter it into witty bitty pieces oh naw innit on dat ish need my dik 	1
spit or swallow? next question.. 	1
@catquack you're just proving that you're the only cyber bully here sunshine 	1
@portiamercedesx i'm sorry but it had 2 b verbalised..how do i bully(puppy dog eyes) i get bullied i'm a victim of life x 	1
do you know anyone who was adopted as a child? not to my knowledge. 	0
why do you act the way you do? it was mostly how i was raised and how i like to act myself. personally i like the way i am :] 	0
what music are you listening to today? everything really! ahhh loving my hip-hop atm! ester dean is thee hyatt! 	0
online <3 :p 	0
@georgieyasmin it is. you bullied me! anyways, the followers i have on there are way more active than on zappy- :') 	1
have you read/watched ;a walk to remember?; no and yes :] wanna read it though! 	0
have you ever dreamt about something more than once? yes. its weird sometimes. but dreams are weird. aha 	0
@suchafuqnstar aha same ! but im kinda proud of royce for standing up for herself cuts i felt like they always tried to bully her . ! 	1
“@younggrill: @bflydiehard @preciselikex bully,& x. on a weekend get away http://t.co/onnrkc http://t.co/yd9db0f” mao, we on the rise b 	0
what are some of the major flaws in our justice system? how can we make them more stable? the most major flaw in our justice system are the corrupt people behind the surface that keeps the system running for the wrong reasons. using the government as a face for greed selfishness caring less for the good for humanity and getting ahead before another country. r sadly we can't make them more stable. there will always be corrupt in the system-therefore never allowing the good for human kind to prosper in the end. never. just my opinion though what do i know. 	0
why do doctors leave the room when you change? they're going to see you naked anyway. comfortless. 	0
@shatterprooff mao ugh u bully me a lot.. i bet u had to miss recess and sit at silent lunch when u were in elementary school ! 	1
followed! follow me also :) allrighhtyy. :] 	0
aha check inside ur closet u mind find out who it is(; lmao!! kk femme get my ass off this toilet seat then ill check!! mwahah!! uk 	0
the last message was just for people who are being rude if your not disregard!! :)) sorry if i offended any of you!! okay 	0
what was the worst job you've ever had? i can't complain cruz i dna have or had one! sahara soon though! real soon! ; 	0
jessica black got bullied so bad she dropped outta school?? she can't sing worth a damn but damn, that's a bit much 	1
#neverapologisefor being an arrogant, bullying morag. you'll both grow up and she'll marry you. trust me. 	0
my 13 yr old cousins fb status were depressing. asked if she was ok.then if she was being bullied. she wrote back only by you at the moment 	1
do you like shopping for new clothes? love it but i don't it too much currently 	0
@shawtybad3223 is a bully ! someone gon shoot her big head ass ! 	1
@laurenalboswell go away! bully! &lt;3 	1
why is there so much hate on fs? ink really. i never get hate on here?! :/ 	0
@heyitslizi you, im being bullied ! lol 	1
have you seen titanic? yeah 	0
oh so i'm not cool enough to be on your top ten? we never talk anymore d:< 	1
hey! i get way too many questions a day. if you spam more than 5 questions a day please remove me from your list but i will still spam you if you want. if you don't want me slamming you just tell me nicely in my into. thanks. skies 	1
do yuh have any stalkers? hell yes! lots of them and thats including yuh!<3 	0
so what if i give you 2 dollars everyday in fear that you'll beat me up if i dont. its not like im getting bullied or anything *scoffs* 	1
do the alphabet song and twinkle twinkle little star have the same tune? yes i believe so 	0
what do you want to see happen before you die? i can tell you what i dont want to see happen before i die.. 	0
do you believe in the quote ; i'll sleep when im dead''? i guess. so 	0
really. travis? watt you meann..? 	0
@toriwillkillu dont bully my bf.. 	1
do you hate when people give short boring answers to your questions? yea all the time 	0
if u got out of a relationship 3 months ago can you still say you just got out off a relationship? if your not over it yet..yes 	0
being bullied? listen to skyscraper by demi lovat. "go on and try to tear me down, i will be rising from the ground like a skyscraper." 	0
how do you make yourself happy? listen to music feed my newest fishy :] and cuddle with my boyfriend. unless im not happy with him and then i go hang with my family. they always make me happy hahhaha 	0
do you sometimes ask god why things happen to you? nash. things always have a purpose. :] 	0
whats your favourite song out at the minute? mine anything! he's whole entire cd will be out on th 	0
the things i would do to that bully(s). if i ever found them. they would be in pain http://t.co/oduovvu 	1
and calling me a bully..if the hoes paint scared i cant be a bully #getyoballsup 	1
@brie461 they say i'm mean because bullies act like victims when they are caught. they can't see they're wrong, that is why they bully 	1
@wakanabot are you bullying me? q_q 	1
@g_morales01 :o bully! :'( 	1
if jimmy cracks corn and no one cares why is there a stupid song about him? ink cause it has a great beat. jim cracks corn and i dont care jimmy cracks corn and i dont care.. sahara 	0
fave time - sport ? volleyball 	0
what does the world need less of? anger and greed. 	0
your probably the one faking kai! huh! fucking bitch! hun i have a life unlike you 	1
@juslick_kay quit bullying them 	1
what is something from your past that you wish you still did? that you are glad you stopped doing? softball. alltime loved sport. it was my haven to this world. behind the plate i was a superstar and nothing could go wrong. :]r i miss it mostly. 	0
how many languages do u speak? umm.. i think 2 but english is my first! im learning french! ;d hbu?! 	0
what would you do if you were wading through a river and all of a sudden a fish jumped out of the water and poked on your shoulder and then called you a fucking bitch? ha-ha laugh. really hard!! :) 	0
what was the happiest moment in your life? i have many! 2many actually but i guess when i found my lifetime friends ;d 	0
@peimmun94 @wwliew94 no la..juz dun wan bully her..see she disappear again.. 	0
.@patrickjbutler yes, but @ericpickles she be accountable for his bullying of councils - if his policies are inconsistent, he she retract 	1
finally the principal called me. she said she is going to bring the boys in who bullied the girls. 	1
marcus the bully . 	1
who is the most annoying celebrity? paris hilton 	0
@jillbear1721 it just hurts to see what this jerk has to say about adam and i hate being bullied but i won't let adam down. 	1
@rockferzy *bullying xd 	1
earphones or headphones? headphones 	0
what is the biggest lie you have been told? ink 	0
beat down that bully from high school, throw your drink on a plastic gossiping bitch, egg that one evil teacher's house. take it back!! 	0
what do you think of glee? glee who? ha 	0
@stevenamoney and they're both good additions, although quiet lately. 3d know the business. bully is a great heel, and devon got buff! 	0
if you were given $100 would you spend it or save it? even if you save it your always going to eventually spend it. so to make good out of it i'd spend it right away!! :] 	0
@claireabella__ @jinkksy- she doesn't! not a bad thing has been said by her.. totally disgusting! i think we know who the real bully is! x 	1
i hope all of you have a good day. i need to go clean house. my stepdad is coming here from arkansas with his fiance. (my mom and him divorced 3 yrs back) and they are going to stay a few days. so to everyone i hope you have a great day. and i will quest okay! 	0
@munasmiley lol i did but turns out it was all a misunderstanding guess;) and yes madam you did, all that bullying toughened me up;) &lt;33 	1
yeah, that should put an end to the bullying - i know it’s thursday, thursday, but i gotta post this on.. http://tumblr.com/xbr4164lxe 	0
@lakeside_ why are you and @izienthefreak bullying me this evening..the si unit of evil ? that's a tad much :( 	1
my friends are some bullies btw lola they get a kick out of bullying sh #randomthought 	1
hello. hey? 	0
your still gay and a bitch aha well you're a rapist so fuckoff 	1
@dimento44 @samdicas both of you stop twitter-bullying little teenage kids #itsnotfunnyanymore 	1
nope im not bianca either:) heres a clue..i come from new zealand;) lol chrissy!!?? hahahahah channelled ayesha kailee? tori?? mao iddkk 	0
#replacemovietitleswithhoes cyber hoe (cyber bully) 	0
do you get along better with the same or opposite sex? opposite. 	0
do any of your friends have children? yes they do 	0
do you put up christmas lights at christmas time? yes. i love decorating 	0
ability to fly or breath under water? fly most defiantly. 	0
if you had to cook dinner for someone tonight what would you make? umm.. we would go to jack-in-the-box! aha 	0
do you like dogs? do you have one? i love doggies :) and not right now. at my parents i do. if that still counts when you no longer live with them. but yes :) they are bull mastiffs. pure bred. anc registered. sweet looking dogs. :) aha 	0
why do u try so damn hard to fit in just be your fucking self if you know how ahhh funny 	0
ill! ily2 boo! 	0
do you eat a lot?: lots :) show your face. 	0
when was the last time you went to the circus? dang like 6 or 7 years ago. its been a while.. 	0
who's the most famous person you've met? urgh no1 yet! keep hoping though! 	0
@lydkeeley cut, we kinda bullied my mum into cancelling it, and hannah went on her sleepover'xoxoxo 	1
#nohate please @haileybaldwin she sweet amazing cool and talented even @thecodysimpson said she cool please stop that like bullying 	1
your so back go suck a bag! *fake r umm im pretty sure i dont look like a fake at all im not that pretty thanks though 	1
@katelinreed is a big ole mean bully of a sister  	1
what's your best trick? being able to hide my feelings. 	0
sarah stu q; he/she about the bra thing? 	1
what is the craziest thing you want to do? have babies :) sarah that is pretty crazy. 	0
for those keeping score at home- cousin who just had massive heart-attack is trying to bully the doctors into letting her out one day early. 	1
what song always makes you happy when you hear it? ah me. by griffin house :] ink why. it just makes me happy 	0
what is the worst thing you have lived through? lots of things. my brother overcame cancer at 2 years old. that was polly the worst. 	0
jerry. iloveyou. ;_; 	1
what are 3 things that you consider humanely impossible and never being exploited successfully? or is anything possible? explain. hmm.. perhaps how if we want to take over an entire country we can make sure we do so but when it comes to third world starving countries..well we can only send so much food.r another would be how we control missiles by satellite and split atoms to destroy anything we want but we cant stop this oil spill. ohh no. its out of our control.r &amp;&amp; i guess the inhumane way of growing all our food supplies is something to overlook as well. only being that the animals literally cant think move do anything ut produce gigantic chicken breasts and stand in their own poop their entire life till the stock yards. soo its way out of our hands for that as well. r all these things need to be asked to our 'oh so lets make a change' president because the way i see it theres no changes only what the government cares about is what is necessary. and that is wrong. 	0
collins was the biggest bully ..that is all 	1
@ouhyeahadel what happened fon!? you ok? who dare to bully you? don't let things get you down! rejoice for god is good still! :) 	1
why do you think every guy wants you? they dont hate to break it to you honey. well.. i dont think anyone likes me? 	1
funny how the person that bullies you in elementary is ugly as fuck in high school, and your high school bully, a loser in college.. 	1
@glaad your bullying apologize is not going to make me like you. i like my gay friends for who they are. not because you make me. #fuckglaad 	1
favorite board game? twister. 	0
have you been in a serious fight? not fist fight. but a serious fight yes. haven't we all? ha 	0
okay so here's another filipino word ;mabuti; which means i'm okay :) aha my cousin from ca is here in the philippines now and i kinda have a hangover from teaching him lol hahahahaha thats funny. i wanna learn so i can read all the questions you answer in filipino..haha its not fair!! 	0
are you ready to start school? i am <3. yea >_< 	0
what do u guys prefer? jonas brothers or justin bigger ahh! i love em both but i would go for justin bieber!! well because i'm older. but i prefer them both! 	0
how old were you when you learned to tie your shoes? ink honestly. 	0
your questions seem to be getting more and more perverted. seriously - secondhand embarassment much d: here the embarrassment is on them for asking the questions. i think i know the culprits.. 	1
what's your favorite kind of fruit pie? apple 	0
what in your opinion would be the hardest drug to quit? its all in your head. soo i'll say love. 	0
@jackbranagan me, james holmes, andy. sam and lewis at bully field 	0
@jcsaint_22 rather me bully them then strangers i dont know. it builds character! 	1
would it bother you to never have personal time? yes it would. it does now sometimes 	0
do you think some questions will never be answered? yes. duh? ha 	0
jupiter gets its name from where? ink where anything gets its name from. but i would like to name something sometime! :( 	0
why are you so gay because i think it cool 	1
you sure as hell look like a dog. don't fucking call me 'hun'. got it. i don't look like a damn dog hun lol i just did what you gonna do about it (: 	1
what age would you like to get married? now or in a year or so 	0
well that's all for tonight. i'll ask more questions tomorrow night. remember to drop me a message in my into if you don't want any further questions from me. good night! =d thanks lady. :] 	0
do you volunteer for anything? yes walks to raise money for cancer patients and i volunteer for adopt a highway! gotta care about our mother earth :) 	0
why do you like being spammed? i dont mind it because it gives me questions i guess 	0
cute :) thanks :) who is this? :d 	0
what's your thoughts on fighting? im a lover not a fighter. 	0
name 3 drinks you regularly drink? h2o. sample raspberry white tea. oj-homestyle with all the juice bits 	0
what brand of shampoo and conditioner do you use? suave. its cheap and gets the job done. aha 	0
@cartmanswife we will :) btw was the sad convoy that u remembered we had 2day bout bullying? 	0
has you ever drawn on a drunk person? no. i think its pretty lame and would be annoyed if it happened to me 	0
do you know anyone who will do almost anything for attention? -_- . yea my sister 	0
which cartoon character do you resemble the most? tommy pickles. from regrets 	0
what do you do when you have a lot on your mind? write. 	0
..are you? all you can say lmfaoo. well your fake everyone knows it no need to go on about it(: sayoonarra<3 i can say more im not fake 	1
do you prefer to work independently or on a team? independently 	0
what's your favorite music video? don't have one really i guess 	0
oh yeah i &apos;did&apos; know emily .. the two of us were in our schools band :) .. her voice annoyed me it&apos;s annoyingly &apos;high&apos; .. oh and tell me why&apos;d you nearly knock her out ?? lol .. i&apos;ll tell you a story about something like that to do with her lol .. lmfaoo 	1
get naked ew no 	0
just watched "cyberbully" i have huge respect for @emilyosment now! she did a spectacular job! it really changed my perspective of bullying! 	0
what's your favorite song? :d<br> i like too many songs to have a favorite 	0
you are terribly rude to everyone i am sick of it. you abuse every good thing that happens to you and destroy it with hate and fake smiles. by the way be careful who you trust. dead or alive. just a heads up from someone who still cares. umm this is actually really creepy and does make any sense 	1
how much do you have sex? what type of question is that sicko 	1
what do you think of women/girls that let too many guys into their hearts at once? like jumping from one guy to the next in a matter of days? slut 	1
#backintheday i use to bully the bigger kids that always fucked with my homes back in kindergarten 	1
which is better yogurt or pudding? what's your favorite flavor? yogurt!! and blueberry :] 	0
do you get nervous before doctor appointments? nope 	0
@yellowwmustache someone bully me.. :'( 	1
@jasminenxy they still got bully lucky ? 	0
do you ask questions that sometimes you really don't want the answer too? no. 	0
als say he paint a virgin..my ass. -__-..dat lil pulling fella get to u already?? 	1
@justinbieber you should know that @ibiebercock always defends you. you helped her go through bullying! :) 	1
delete your formspring immediately clubface who are you and why are you being rude to me ?? 	1
@ninjacodemonkey totally. on one hand the retaliatory nature is pissy, on the other is great to see that bully-stick crackdown. 	0
@takeastand2day no problem and thank you for what your doing about bullies and i will take a stand against bullying. (thang again).!! 	0
hey, you big bully. why don't you pick on someone your own size. 	1
bull. ( : aha. i swear! i could never lie to my fiancee! ;) 	0
damn. flirting with another girls boyfriend. ink what you call that where your from but in america that&#39;s what you&#39;d call a whore.. umm. i dint no and we were joking around the hole time. and no actually i think thats just called being ride and i'll say sorry to the girl if i have to idc 	1
@mindofaymaniac cause your a bully . 	1
you didn&#39;t get a brain that day either. they were only handing them out to people who would use them. what? 	1
omg ! ! i did 200 q's yeah mee ! ! hahhahah yeah you! 	0
stu dumb bitches . hope off her shift . her &amp; bryan are perfecto for eachother mao . love you sexy mama <3 mao ill were u benn long tyme? and u looked so pretty for prom!;] 	1
"i hope you get bullied so much you die!" - @shhlerae 	0
siblings? sister 18r brothers 11 8 8 months :] 	0
push i dont know what that person is talking about you seem awesome to me! aha thanks. i hear that a bit. 	0
what's the most recent movie you've seen in theaters? in theaters..shutter island 	0
bullying should not be part of back-to-school: it's the start of the school year and for most kids this brings a.. http://t.co/ekioyie 	0
aha connceiddedd much? kinda.. 	0
are you silly or serious? silly usually. not serious but lately i have been 	0
do you like carrots? yeah 	0
mao you cant spell at all begun fucking worry thanx? what the hell? you write like a 4th grader. they aren&apos;t worrying about you vv they&apos;re just letting you know that your not cool by following and trying to hang out with people older than you. may your mature :] 	1
what's your favorite place to be kissed?: neck 	0
you are mean thanks 	1
when is the last time you cried? laswtnight. 	0
tell me about something you really care about? xd the earth. people's feelings. the way others react to people having a bad day. kids :] learning new things all the time. 	0
the only thing that can make me want to jump of a building is __. my soho went flying out of my hand. save the hoho's :] 	0
words can't hurt me-or will they? bullying can hurt more than feelings; it can impede brain development! http://t.co/pyoqmyq via @addtoany 	0
ever won a spelling bee? nope 	0
hi hey (; 	0
im a big fan of betty and u is uglier than her so fuck up bitch u ugly shit head oh wow should i care 	1
@zoestymest memo memo! is you cant bully me. cause i will kill one 	1
are you eating anything right now? nope. drinking water. 	0
do you know what boricua/moricua/morena mean?: no 	0
what do you tell yourself when times get hard? till only get harder. get on with it 	0
bitch you kant rapp niqquh.! uk my dik pussy 	1
everyone kept bullying me tonight with their toes, and lolling cos i brought socks with me? everyone knows, cover your toes. 	1
@lettev i applaud him for not being bullied by that prick. i'd be great, not an ayrton wannabe that does nothing but sully that name. 	0
what can you say about kurt cobain? impress me. hmm. he's an ? 	0
@pryce_choppa you can tell how meek was acting that she was bullied a lot in school looking like a black twinkle or something 	1
what do you do all day? keep my mind busy. paint. draw write. lay out and tan clean blah lol 	0
would you be a pirate? yes of course. i would love to be a pirate. always. error. 	0
fu balls 	1
do you ever try to impose your beliefs on others? not really only for conversation. 	0
what was the last thing you quit? umm..im not a quitter. 	0
mammaass!! :d how are you? aha go to skye ;d yoo!! its late; aha i have church trw but soon kay? srry:[ 	0
do you have a specific work-out routine?..if not how do you keep in shape? [mentally and physically speaking]. i do yoga. :] 	0
just watched big brother don't know why .. jeff is a asshole bully and @cbs #bb13 isn't worth watching they've ruined bb & jordan is stupid 	1
if you knew someone was going to die would you tell them? no 	0
@hidden_beth why on earth did you get bullied? skye call when get new headphones (see previous tweet) 	1
in platinum club vip, gripping our album, standing wit bully from d block! http://t.co/gyjjrtl 	0
would you rather be rich or famous? famous(: but im me 4 rite now! 	0
what do you think of hot dogs? they are yummy 	0
what's your dream car? currently. the 2010 camaro.r its so beast :] 	0
do you always trust your instinct? usually 	0
how many kids do you want to have in the future? im not sure actually. i guess how ever many i am blessed with :]r r but like 3-6 would be awesome. i like big families! 	0
yup yup. same grade as you too. did we have any classes together this year? 	0
every 7 seconds a child is bullied, humiliated or neglected. the time it took yu to read this is one child right there. make it better. #bap 	0
have you been caught swearing by a teacher? nope i don't swear 	0
@x_kuroii_x yah..u bullying me again? Щ(ºДºЩ) 	0
if an orange is orange and called an orange why is a banana yellow and not called a yellow? cause its called a banana :) i love bananas 	0
did you talk to someone until you fell asleep last night? nope. 	0
if you give a bully your lunch money today, he'll beat you up, and take it tomorrow. stop a bully: united strength stops abuse. (~ns) 	0
@macstein no for, i bully Ў☺ΰ in a subtle way, leave d details to me 	0
do you know any mechanical stuff about cars? i know how to change a tire change my oil what most parts of the car and motor is. i can put all liquids in my motor :] and i soo have my own jumpers aha 	0
so why is everybody bullying @nathanthewanted tonight? if he want to tweet u, he will. it will just take time and one day it will be u:) x 	1
who is your favorite comedian? i really like dane cook 	0
if you were to be a bird what would it be? an eagle defiantly. 	0
@williamkuecker aha hey! i love our friendship because i love being bullied/corrected/punched in the face..wait what? 	1
28 foot green bully extension ladder (jackson) - $150 http://tinyurl.com/3czh74o 	0
im bullied :( 	1
your boyfriend is only ugly ass mexican like i&apos;ll give you props for going out with a junior but he just flat out ugly so try going for guys your grade or something cause all you have now is a pithead and by the looks of it your heading in the same road yo stfu!r thats your opinion thats he's ugly not mine.r and hes not a pithead so get your shit straight:) 	1
do you like hugging people when you meet them or are you uncomfortable doing this? not really when i first meet them 	0
what would you do if your partner cheated on you? have you ever heard that song by carrie underwood..cheated? that with a little of my own spice. :] ahahaha 	0
do you believe that the guy should pay on the first date? yes. 	0
favourite movie of all time? sweet november. mr deeds aha 	0
do certain peoples lives have certain worth to you? such as a prostitute a killers..ect. well rapists i think deserve what they do..its a touchy subject 	0
r u &amp; frances still talken? yeah. why? 	0
what is the oddest place you have been with out a shirt on? oddest.. umm the driveway. aha i like to layout with out straps! ;) 	0
sync or backstreet boys? backstreets back ole right!! sahara 	0
mao cause they like to bully me -.- 	1
@timpayton un'frikin'believable yet again we get knocked. wwf is wrong with us ? why do we get bullied so easy into selling cheap ?? 	1
do you listen to christian rock? sometimes i do 	0
why dont you tell me you love me when you do me why dont u last longer? 	1
[cl7] who bully jjongie?!! *angry* http://t.co/tztfcbx 	1
favorite video game? nazi zombies!! on box 	0
no bigger pricks on the road than those who bully flustered l players by tooting and tailgating. #gutlesswonders 	0
everyone see he just called me a punk..hes a bully and a liar sh “@coolin_justin: @jelloshots_ good job :) lol im not a bully punk” 	1
aye that trotsky girl iss fucking f a k e yeah i know she was writing her own questions funny shit 	1
what would you do if you found the wallet of your next-door neighbor who you hated? give it back to them. i don't really hate anyone.. 	0
have you done something bad today? not that i know of? 	0
@heeberstein omg lol, ur the ultimate bully! whatastackalackalack 	1
have you ever wasted you're time on anybody? yes. but well no..i guess everything an experience and i couldnt have learned from the time spent with someone so no. lol 	0
is there anything in your house that glows in the dark? hmm..i dont think so 	0
they didn't bully you because you were a gypsy it was because you're ugly #bfgw 	1
yee 119 questions to date awesome [: fuck yew 	1
#parents it takes inner strength to stand up on the issue of #school bullying..but share that strength and pass it around 4 students. 	0
i want to be bullied 	0
bullying climates at schools may be linked with lower test scores http://t.co/1ehjrhb #health 	0
@tvsuperstarr don't let the boss bully you into overtly dramatic shots and cold leftovers! @noreservations 	1
as real as it gets: bullying victims can fight back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty http://t.co/hggifhw 	0
choose: be cross-eyed person or be a cripple? cross eyed aha 	0
@misstuveyy @vasappeninbiebz oh! *your* sister is the bully. okay, i finally understand it. aha ;d ♥♥ 	1
@teentoday lol at you. you beg the wanted to tell their fans to stop bullying you, yet you come out with shit like that? 	1
when they mean fake they mean your attitude is fake and your personality not if she dead or alive..um just saying ppl. hahahahahaha funny jordan thats not what they mean they are meaning i am using someone else pictures and not my own so stu okay? 	1
@austinmahone #dontbescared of bully's if they bully you then ur obviously doing something right:) 	0
@all_lightskin24 follow back bully 	0
just gave a shit about bullying. give a shit at http://t.co/wchx9kt #giveashit 	0
ha all the bitches talk bout austin is just jealous ha cut austin got some and they can&apos;t ha i laugh at the like really they paint got anything better to talk about but austin aha dumb bitches i swear its funny hahahahaha get a life people thank you i love you rhiannon <3 	1
@emmxo_ here yeah mann, sometimes not horrible but today you were:( your such a nice girl..bully;) 	1
ask me some questions mao money get out of here 	1
can u name an animal that is orange? yes i just cant spell it. lol r orangatang? hahahahha 	0
for a million dollars pounds or euros (depending on the currency you use) would you run around naked and into a church? nope. 	0
what's your favorite tv show? i dont watch tv much especially in the warmer months.r but if i were to be strapped to a chair and placed in front of a television. it would be how its made or the animal planet :] 	0
are you a trusting person? yes very trusting person!! may i help yuh:! 	0
ur face is nasty yep 	1
how come i'm always the targeted and bullied one? 	1
how often do you get the hiccups? not very often 	0
@aliashorowitz humph, i don't want none! bully! 	1
person you talk on the phone with the most? my dad i think aha 	0
what's your favorite kind of flower wild flowers. <3 	0
also, wishing nick would die from diabetes? that's low. and then you claim to be against bullying.. yeah right! 	0
do you put cheese on your spaghetti? yes i love cheese. 	0
how being bullied can damage your confidence http://dld.bz/5u8w 	0
the darkest moment of my life was.. when my little brother was diagnosed with cancer and we all thought we were going to lose him :( it was a dark moment. 	0
it's getting so old to listen to gervaise bullying karl.. and jeez, they digress like there's no tomorrow. or topic.. http://t.co/wuo5jis 	1
if you ran the world..what would it be like? a different place. utopia. 	0
how do you let yo self yourself get bullied sh, stand up too em 	0
if your gonna call someone fake .. at least speed it right .. gee .. ill tabiaah!! sahara yeah 	1
like dick ? o: never. 	1
hey if ur reading this i dna know if u were following me or not but if u were i think i deleted all my followers so could u follow me again thanks sure. 	0
i love my sister aujalaa:) hahaha:p all your haters just too funny r mao loft roll rites they got no life margin ppl anonymous saying dumshit 	1
@swagwhite well, that comment was not bullying. if i say fat people need to lose weight so they can be healthy it's a matter of fact. 	1
im good!! jug got back from the ship in vegas!! it was awesome!! i lived it!! hav u eva been to vegas?:) ahhh! yuh so lucky ghurr!!i bet yuh had a blast! &amp; nash ive never been but i would soo want to go!;d 	0
i am off for right now. i feel sick. and personally i hate being sick. so leave me things to make me smile&amp;questions. thanks babes!<3 kk. hope you feel better! 	0
do you find the opposite sex confusing? yes. very sometimes. 	0
do you enjoy going shopping? if so what type of things do you enjoy buying? yes but i dont much anymore.. things for others is most fun! 	0
why so mean to ree? who's ree? o__o 	1
are you willing to travel for your dream job? yes. 	0
couponcodes - bully: scholarship edition box 360 http://t.co/6urbj1x target 	0
speech. river is such the little bully. poor fray. #felinedrama 	1
she scratches and claws me when clearly there's a guy next to her that's easy to bully -__- 	0
@jkility yeah i am! and im younger than you, you're being bullied by someone younger, thats even funnier. &gt;:d ah-ha 	1
what do you do for headaches? bash my head against the wall sahara ;) 	0
your face is such a mess why don&#39;t you get your dog something different to chew on? sahara okay jordan 	1
sir alex ferguson’s men used to bully wenger’s physically; now they bully them with the ball - @henrywinter 	1
sahara funny id love to see that forest fire fight sounds like a challenge. how bout you fight me? 	1
repeater → seth matlins: the self esteem act: it's time to confront the bully that is our beauty culture http://q.gs/lakd 	0
have you ever made out with someone of the same sex? why? nope 	0
hey. i am downloading songs at the moment. would you mind helping me? write your suggestions to my page as in right now. :) okay. 	0
are your parents on facebook? nope. 	0
what's your secret? that everyone has a secret. 	0
i liked a @youtube video http://t.co/caqhhnc demi lovato: "i was bullied because i was fat" 	0
what's your favorite movie quote? crap this is hard aha umm ;people need inspiration;- the last song <33 	0
rebecca black quits middle school after bullying http://t.co/aq51ect 	1
@mkaygreene is a bully 	1
do you think if we found another life form we'd try to kill it? yes of course. defiantly 	0
sure but you must spar http://ww.formspring.me/ddox3r &amp;r http://ww.formspring.me/juliex2r or we wont continue slamming your (: okay sure will 	0
if there was a hour extra everyday what would you do in that time? dance the robot. :] 	0
@chance_second @joe_hunter i'm pretty sure batman bullied ray palmer into shrinking the t.rex and penny so he could put them inside his crib 	0
sneakers or sandals? sandals 4suree ;d i wear them in thee winter 2! no lie! aha 	0
ever come close to death? couple times. car accident that sent me across three lanes of traffic in heavy rain spinning. not one car hit me. it was crazy 	0
i love how u told mahdi to delete this monster when u haunt even deleted your monster. ya bitch. hahahahahaha okay well i dont actually no how to delete it i was looking out for my bf cut i dont want people to say mean things to her im total fine with people saying stuff to me but her? no. 	1
have you ever spent an entire day in bed without being sick? not that i can think of 	0
did you just fucking say my name no i believe i typed the name billy. 	1
i have been bullied for as long as i can remember for my looks, the way i dress, my makeup..i refuse to take it anymore! 	1
if you were a candy what candy would you be? skittle :] 	0
who are your top three celebrity crushes? yumm.. justin bigger p-diddys son door yumm..haha not really a celeb but yeah! &amp;&amp; channing can tatum!!haha oh damn!! 	0
name a song you know all the lyrics to. umm you outta know ;) 	0
tragedy: rebecca black forced to drop out of school because of bullying. elsewhere..bullies back to picking on "real geeks" 	1
i tell you what let nights get on they bully & it include me .. 	0
dumb bitch! fuck you and your stupid friends! your all pussies! none of you can handle on your own! you always need your friends to get in everything! your honestly waiting m time but whtevrr.. i don't care what you think just come and say it to my face.. 	1
@naureena_x @tomgibbons8 tom she bullying me:( i think if we meet you in pony you should be horrible to her for me yes? thankss;-) 	1
were you ever a boy/girl scout? nope. 	0
do u like sex uh i'm a virgin. o: 	1
have you bought any new clothing items this week? noo unfortunately. 	0
have you gotten drunk after a break up? if not what crazy thing have you done? nash 	0
- the great earnings yield spread divergence: the bullish case http://t.co/ipmfrjh 	0
are you more of a proton or a neutron? proton defiantly. positive polly yes i am :] 	0
what was name of your first pet and why did you give it that name. sassy. she was a cat. i hate cat's now. funny and weird huh? 	0
&amp;&amp; if anyone gets tired of my questions or just generally annoyed with being slammed please let me know. i am not here to bother anyone! thank you! kk i think ive got this message like 18 times already aha 	0
this is what happens when you bully me.. #karma http://yfrog.com/gybqalatj 	1
great news for england cricket,biggest compliment is that they remind me of aus at their peak,all round class n totally dominate n bully 	0
have you ever asked someone out on a date? yes ma'am 	0
are you working? not currently. :/ 	0
your so gay aha well you're fat. 	1
have you watched karate kid? i watched it yesterday it's a very nice movie :) yes i have. not the newest one with will smith's kid and the chinese boys pickin on him but i have all the others with the white kid sahara there all great movies :) 	0
where in ohio are you from? cincinnati. you? 	0
why do girls let their guys do it anal? like i think its like leading my man to go fuck a guy!! thats a no no to me!! i dont. and yes i see what your saying but not really cause guys are different than how we think. i think it more the forbidden territory to them so that's why they get so turned on when thinking about doing it in the butt. aha just don't do it if your not comfortable doing it. 	0
do you have a calender in your room? nope 	0
@undeadholly i suppose that will have to do. bully 	1
have you ever taken dance lessons? nope i was in gymnastics till 6th grade though 	0
my viv moment - an article on my anti-bully efforts. please read and share! http://t.co/v3m8gpc /via @wordpressdotcom 	0
what do you think about parents who smoke pot around their children? the same as lachy. its dumb 	0
new video: funny dog videos - shirley the bully - "david vs. goliath" - http://t.co/klkyzwm 	0
“@fino76 @mrsstev0 @guinners1 ha! paul did start the bullying with the smart comment from the original tweet ha! #saynotocyberbullying ha! 	1
doihknowyuh?r andyuhrlike..spammingmyfs. nope. and yeah i think thats what they call it? 	0
dang i'm not rollin that kind of cash! but a question what's something crazy you want to do before you die? have a 3some with two hot japanese women. 	1
how to stop the cyber bully - early warning signs, trust, openness and guidance http://t.co/jpky9ny 	0
far from a bully but i ain't a punk 	1
aidan had another good day at school - no checks! i worry there might be a bully in his class - aidan sounded.. http://t.co/zjerl8t 	1
if you won a $1 00 shopping spree for any store which store would you pick? apple store!(; need a mac pro! 	0
why do people kill themselves if a certain person does not love them? because they feel they have noone else that will love them. but truly i dont understand why people do that?? its very confusing to me. there's only about a biazillion people in this world that you can meet and fall in love with..why end it for one individual. theres so much more out there! 	0
your mighty attractive <33 ;d aww thanks <3 i wonder who this could be? ;)) 	0
paula, kirsten and lj's song about bullying. great job! (uploading more videos now.) http://fb.me/asim1gw1 	0
did you know gullible was written on the ceiling? aha. does that really work on people? i am gullible at times but really? 	0
