do you fear something you honestly have no reason to fear? i dont think so :/ 	0
lol at this.. person telling everybody that i'm bullying her . sahara she also deleted me on casebook . loser 	1
do you always wear your watch? i never wear a watch . i dont like time . 	0
-hellz yeahh(: of course i'm to in q i wanna h b with you quy's like duhh<3 ahahaha!!(: it wuz z funn!(: lmao<3 	0
bullying victims can fight back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royaltyhttp://bit.ly/nlxms7 	0
funny . in arab , nicholas is suffering because of bullying but in skins , he is the one bullying people . (sometimes..) 	1
what is unbelievable to you? the way people are to each other . 	0
what's something that no one else knows about you? hmm.. i like to smoke pot a little bit 	0
@sir_minaj ah-ha ! u call this bullying.. no dummies your the 4 yo , because your ignorant - look it up ;) 	1
prank call this person there name is melody . 614-735-8024 their* 	1
what to do when your kid's the bully http://dld.bz/zphs 	0
i just kick over a homeless dude house.. i'm such a bully thug life 	1
@charlottesph even though that girl was being a bully , zach s mom was kind of rude to you . she should know better than to say that . 	1
do you sing in the car? a l w a y s : ] 	0
apple accuses motorola , samsung of monopolising markets with patents - http://t.co/nllc1ke bullying not enough: adds hypocrisy 	0
what would u do for a cheeseburger? sex? no . i dont like cheeseburger . 	0
um nick in min aj , when are you going to stop bullying lil kim? it's not nice you know.. 	1
i'm not a creepy stalker . just everyone fucking hates you so everyone knows what you fucking do . you remind me of harmony flash pink but uglier and a little more pathetic . everyone knows you fake yourself and other girls and you want attention . dumb fuck . i dont fake myself 	1
why would some one love u i dont know but when i find out ill let u know :) 	1
do you wear mental chains? no . im told i have no filter between my mental and mouth . aha 	0
what's the longest you've ever gone without a bath or shower? aha ! may be 2days? lol ink 	0
worst childhood memory? i dont like to recollect worst thing in my life . 	0
big oil bullying nebraska . we all cross your aquifer.facts on the aquifer: http://t.co/38yngfp via @sciam 	0
@beaw12 you gas a lot why are you denying it lol and no i don't know what that means as many other words in the world so? u bullying me now? 	1
what do you usually eat? pizza not included aha sahara i like everything thats et i able . :d soo like chipotle is one of my many favorite es :) r r bu ut i really enjoy tacos kung pao chicken reggie penne-my creation ;] cajun rice . pancakes always . i love all veggies and fruit is awesome . aha r i also like to try new foods . exotic things no one would ever try ! ive had same torpedo ;) aha i wouldn't suggest it.r r i don't eat fast food or frozen gourmet meals . processed food crosses me out :p yuk kie . 	0
hbr.org: identify and stop workplace bullying http://t.co/5gv05em 	0
do you have a tan? i could have a better one . :( 	0
much pulling chau!! a dormer sh ! 	0
what kind of music do you listen to? everything!! seriously.r but when im sad . ah me by griffin house i love a dr &amp; em arose any time of the day anything i can do the robot to and em more when im feeling thrash in :] ha . ohh and i like instrumental music . underneath s cd of violins is my all time favorite <3 	0
@lingading79 cyber bully . 	1
y do u hang out wit dat er girl? u int even er girl pik a be tr friend well don't hate on whoever your referring to . 	1
agora leo . bully breakdown !! 	0
@ashabella92 too damn funny . she i a being bullied 	1
do you believe in luck? yes b hut i think luck is blessing from god actually ! in my opinion ! 	0
that bitch say in she got bullied in school is just making excuses..no one left you out , you chose not to talk to him just then the bachelor 	1
are you the person you want to be? most of the time . sometimes i wish i could be more for others but at the time my hands are tied with money and trying to get ahead . 	0
have yu ever wondered what people would be like without yu ? ive thought about it . i really feel like i influence a lot of people in my life . so i kind of know . but i would sure hope that it wouldn't be like i never existed? :/ 	0
do you really care what people think about you? if so why? nash because if i cared what others thought about me i would never get to think about what i care about . caring about what others think is a waste of all time in my opinion . its my life . ill live it the way i want 	0
@_emwhyayee "im a bully.." not cool ! 	1
do you have any tattoos? if not any plans to get one? nope . and i wanted one but now ink cause i just dont think id be happy in a few years so oh well.. ill polly never get any but i like it that way 	0
@hctri crazy.. ridiculous.. bureaucratic bullying nonsense.. and any other host of expletives u can tag on the end . 	0
@urstrulydesid ugh you're such a bully lol 	1
i'm finished wanking ;) sahara . so whats your favourite car? lol who is this? :p and lol i'd like a summer ba aha 	1
i'm glad my mommy's not a bully towards me . 	0
i feel like bullying cher lloyd . her face hurts my feelings :| 	0
@bowtomorandaa bully your as big as an fire ant aha :p uk 	1
are there any bruises on your body? not currently 	0
why do you think people contain tue to argue even though one of them is ready to end the argument? because there is nothing else to do . 	0
have you ever ran with scissors in your hand? yes :/ sarah 	0
@kingofankh aww i feel like a bully now *pouts* @sarahransley 	1
which is more appealing to you? sun moon or stars? stars :] 	0
are you easily offended? nash 	0
hey all you idiots this is tabi&39;s sister and i know she isn&39;t using any fake accounts so leave her alone already?- sam hahahaha thanks . they think i am using fake pictures like this int me 	1
do you watch family guy regularly? no . 	0
“@izackchan: real friends bully each other without offense” damn true 	1
wait dna uk wit la la shell beat a shoes ass and hoe ma hume for uv a shoe?? i thought i wear dem mao dna u mean hoes and whos this? 	1
so do you believe that ;what goes around .. comes back around;? yes . karma? :) its always there . so be nice ! 	0
guys- what do you hate most about girls? girls- what do you hate most about guys? they can be annoying 	0
what's a subject you wish you knew more about? hmm..i know a lot . umm i guess psychology . the brain . it interests me just because people are interesting and dumb and so confusing.. i'd like to know more about that . :) 	0
so sad . come here kana bullied everyday . ): 	1
@lizziemeadows spoiled rotten,i spent most of my child hood being bullied,although then i'd never heard the word,they were just nasty kids 	1
@lognonne but he also bullied him and called him out for fucking up in front of teammates . ruined his confidence . read that one i linked.. 	1
have you ever tried to kill yourself by holding your breath? no? is it possible . ha 	0
he's like a curse r he's like a drug r you'll get addicted to his lover you wanna get out but he's hold in you down r r sing it babe!! :) sahara i dont know it . i think i need to research some of the carrie underwood songs before i go lol 	0
do words really hurt you? no 	0
what color is your toothbrush? purple 	0
has anyone ever asked you if you were shy? no other than the most recent question about if i start conversations with ppl i just met . lol weird you ask . whyy? 	0
mao sh xt d hats s why d hey anonymous s c kiss d hem hess nasty y n i sai id dna get hurt c kiss yew bee getting q slick k n dna bee fucking q wit m he lol oh 	1
what do you like best about formspring? when people ask you questions 	0
@dyenomite whoa . seriously? what a bully . 	1
do you believe in love? i like to think so . :/ 	0
your face is nasty y your just jealous 	1
do you learn the easy way or the hard way? hard . seems like with everything . ugh ha 	0
so victor i want to go tree climbing got any tips.. eh get it lul . don't climb it nigger . 	1
do you think if your parents knew more about you they could relate better? ink . my parents are okay let me restart..my mother is relentless . my dad knows me quite well actually . my mother just doesn't like the thought of me having a mind and using it . ha . its annoying but hey its not like we can choose our parents . 	0
@x_aye_itstay ur seven feet tall when u stand on top off two chairs lol and yes i remember u getting bullied like the lil person u are ! aha 	1
i love how most of ur comments are calling you a hoe/slut/bitch and guess wat u are one lol lol yeah deaf ..get a life e 	1
having to watch what i tweet now because of @ellemccxo and @dandancoops bullying me last night 	1
is english your primary language? si . sarah yes . 	0
have you ever bowled a strike? yes ! :) 	0
they&39;re called skinny jeans . not make you skinny jeans . okayy? hahahaha . im not fat? 	1
dude e wwr go home roger back at you 	0
stop leaving stuff like ;fake; on your own forms ring . dead give away dumas . suck a cunt what are you talking about? 	1
what is something you have always wanted to know? repeat question 	0
“@bay0uprincess “@heartcapricorn capricorn knows how to get our way & will never be bullied around or bullied into doing something.”” 	0
have you seen the trailer for lindsay lohan's new movie ;machete;? if so what do you think? nope . i'll have to check that out ! :] 	0
mao ny i a you ain't shit and you're a cyber bully . 	1
u all should what ch this video about bullying , and help take apart in ending it http://t.co/xvsagvi @bellathorne143 	0
today , 17 teens will take their own lives due to bullying . - › revlon if you care . › › [] › › always . › › if.. http://t.co/xicnen3 	0
when was the last time you got drunk? it's been a while . polly like 6 months or so..r which is pretty good being that i turned 21 on the 17th ;) 	0
i see you still like frances ;) :? 	0
hey why dont you go kill yourself a lot of ppl would be really happy :) why would i wanna do that? 	1
what were you like when you were a kid? fun outgoing very blunt and more like a 16 year old in a 4 year olds body aha 	0
what's something you'd change about urself? my need to help others so much . 	0
who is your loudest friend? me . 	0
what's your favorite way of making people smile? smiling at them . it seems to work pretty well . :] 	0
whos's bush are you sniffing in this pic? uh what? o_o 	1
@looweihao @haoyangg @sleepybed hello , since when i got bully people? never physically you know ! :( criminal is not supposed to be me.. 	0
what's one thing you hate the feeling of? being lied to 	0
@n3rdtacular @neurogoddess @scrappynatalie @kcampbellicious was jeff this bad of a bully on season 11 sooverjeffbb13 	1
so the helena hate accounts think nolan is cyber bullying?? ya the makes a lot of sense . not!! 	1
do you own slippers? nope 	0
moo moo back . 	0
could you ever shoot someone if they were trying to kill you? possibly 	0
do you get along with argumentative people? not really being that i am one as well . 	0
aha , yeah , i'm bullying you and sending you obsessive messages . you really don't get it do you? you're blaming me of what you're doing 	1
what's ur favorite type a cheese? i love cheese cubes . 	0
what's usually colder your hands or your feet? hands . 	0
have you ever played bloody mary? yes . its dumb . sarah 	0
frances seriously stop trying to make people feel bad for you ugly bitch . she's not ugly you stupid cunt she's beautiful..why don't stop talkin crap and get a life you silly fuck stick . damn like honestly how much of a loser do you have to be to talk shit over formspring.? 	1
holy shit , i'd rather commit suicide than get bullied by @laurennicoolee.. 	0
robot chicken is a funny ass cartoon in cartoon network for those who dont know :)) i watch it around 12 :)) okay ill check it out 	0
@waterfalls_mh bully 	0
what's one thing you own that you should probably throw away but never will? my old school shit i mud soo throw it away b hut my mom ! urgh 	0
@vincastronovo vinny can i get a grand night please and will u follow me :) starve a bully , feed your soul , and stand grand :d 	0
do you ever think of an amazing song from the 80s or 90s or something and wonder if it would still be big if it was released now for the first time? yes . and im sure there are tons that soo could . 	0
what's the last furry thing you touched? umm.. 	0
what do you get tired of in everyday life? the bs . 	0
<3 </3 ? aha uk ! <33 	0
how do you know when you're really ready for sex? r yes . 	0
@super8fan1 i know right ! what's the point for bullying someone to make yourself feel better? 	1
no ! you&apos;re the fool lol nah ahh she asked i answer d holy 	1
if everyone found out no religion was real what do you think people would do? loose their mind . its something to focus on for the ones that cant except theres may be nothing for life after death . 	0
aha keep saying shit ill kill you well then you'll go to jail ! 	1
describe yourself in a single sentence i'm a blunt and funny dancing alien that doesn't care what anyone thinks and loves to have fun . ;] 	0
does it make you mad you have to nss of hate groups on myspace? i don't care anymore 	1
@musicxgaga64 well they have no reason to bully you ! 	1
what is the second most unique thing? hmm..i can almost always give any person the benefit of the doubt no matter what . i can find the silver lining in any situation.. :) 	0
does it annoy you when people kiss in public? nash just when its like get a room suck in face all over the place touchy public kissing hah 	0
are you someone's best friend? yes . i like to think so . 	0
how dem titties . i herd dey still q row in . lol dna got none 	1
what's your song of the day? ah me by griffin house =d 	0
favorite lyrics? umm i guess butterfly kisses :) that song always makes me happy 	0
i love you ! i love you too ! :) 	0
last event you dressed up for? my and timothy s anniversary . we went to boi na brava the brim gillian steak house downtown cincinnati . its was super snazzy :) 	0
america loves the underdog as an archetype , but is itself far removed from the actuality of being the underdog . we are the bully . 	0
online bullying: back to school means back to reality - sync (blog) http://t.co/qiphxrq family 	0
what fascinates you? people . 	0
joiiee:) i la la love e you u <3 ah-ha 	0
slum b bully 	0
your so fucking immature i'm sorry you have no friends so you have to be rude to everyone your just jealous im sexy and your not :p stupid anonymous show your face faggot 	1
i liked a @youtube video http://t.co/gtyirao bullying e rode ios - log 	0
what's one way people commonly misspelt your name? tasha . instead of to sha :) 	0
if you fear your child is being bullied , this book might make a difference and change everything . http://t.co/v43vinw 	0
i am being for real r this is tatum . thats cool id gaf who you are!! get off my dick like for real!! later 	1
who were the ppl who started send in the pic of florin around ? y hat is fucked up . i noe its uk up but u noe what else is fused up putting them on blast t ! 	1
he ey . how many other form springs do u have? like 50? damn . get a life . you care why? 	1
stop bullying ppl old america 	0
is there anything that can make you sick just by smelling it? vomit . 	0
the we having an anti-bullying campaign will never , ever make a single ounce of sense . 	0
favorite brand of clothes? i dont do brands . i do the look . i like how it looks i buy it . 	0
just realised my mother is nothing more than a bully . awesome . 	1
i dint say u did it . did i? no i dint . well then why did you bring it up? 	0
oh thank you ppl - yes i always did think my cousin was a whore.. no offense to her.. but thank you for clarifying that . she is easier than a game of xando&apos;s.. and yes 479 - as of last night is the number . aww ahh i dint get that question what one was that 	1
@eridanni try na box me last night!! mao bully 	1
@rogertenard smh.stp bullying dem nights bro.lol 	1
where were you born? did you also grow up there? florida and yea 	0
have you ever had detention? yes again . for not coming back to class . aha 	0
is to sha your real name? yup sure is :) 	0
i've been asked that question like 13 times shut dup fool 	1
@justcallmeaj over here bullying the fuck outta @chriscofield24 	1
accommodation lodge . http://t.co/vwaglmi staring down the bully-boys 	0
rebecca black quits middle school after bullying: couture sensation rebecca black might have gone from an.. http://t.co/6x8j6q4 	0
how often do you download songs you hear in commercials? not often . i dont download much at all 	0
but she a bully anyway so i have no worries they ain't fucking with joh riel le that i promise 	1
.@a_picazo you are participating in the libel by base less claiming @shoq is a bully . again , i caution you to watch what you say . p2 	1
bring on the rubber bullets i say ! the police barricade has been pushed back 100m to 10m. luthuli house 	0
«@keystonepol philadelphia's anti-bullying programs a model for nation http://t.co/xqu0kis papolitics» 	0
c essex l'intimidation - stop bullying . 	0
why agent you wearing pants? how'd you know that im in gym shorts currently? 	0
the beatles or the temptations? beatles :] 	0
cbs big brother please no brendon ! he is a bully . rachael i can't stand . like jeff and jordan but he is acting like a bully . 	1
@rizky_yulianisa @bobyandika i can only wish the way you guys express isn't by bullying , but i really can't be picky right now . *hugs* 	1
@pretty527 actually , i was the bullied . but i learned all the best moves , from the masters . 	1
sure this bus is the early teen bully bus :@ 	0
what do you think of my new graphic? http://poetic-beauty81.deviantart.com/art/a-rok-shining-star-163949988 :] 	0
if you had the opportunity to be in a movie with any actor/actress who would it be? jennifer aniston/vince vaughan 	0
i am going to finish answering quest ions then i am off to pack my stuff to leave . please leave me things? thank you . okay . will do :) 	0
@wakooz hey , u should un follow @belieber_quotee she's a hater and a bully and u prob dont want see that on your tideline :) 	1
just gave a shit about bullying . give a shit at http://t.co/gnh8nuo give a shit 	0
@thaarsonist leave that little person alone..bully a different midget like @shybutpopular lol 	1
do you prefer tape or a stapler? tape . duck tape 	0
kids who bully are more likely to get into fights , vandalized property & drop out of school . school violence prey info @ http://t.co/wgkbmw7 	0
i think i'm too hot for you ! really? ah i wanna know you so ;d 	1
whose beta a ww.formspring.me/kaydollbitchh or ww.formspring.me/rubinathy15 why dont you find out and get off my page? mckay y thanks . :) 	1
do you believe in aliens? yes i do . 	0
cyber bullying cases growing with new technologies - abc online http://t.co/7s790ot family 	0
..my mommy is such a bully 	1
nights swear i'm a bully , i'm only 5'8 165lbs 	1
do you believe in karma and destiny? karma yes . destiny no . 	0
@beetssyy a yy no its not bully ! :p 	0
can you sleep in jeans? i can sleep in anything when im really tired lol 	0
your to young what love is bitch so do you use it!! dumb whore put your boobs away!! get some boobs &amp;a life ! 	1
are you good at giving directions? yes i think so ;) 	0
i liked a @youtube video from @chemer2010 http://youtu.be/7wp2enww-7o?a joe&teddy bullied by mr tardis reviews (a reply to 	0
@no1racingfan @dcollins2808 @mulldog @riosrider dans a bully ): he bully me all the time )': 	1
@wilkinsonluke yeah , i bully you.. of course ;) no cause i dont.. nah , i just couldn't be bothered ask 	1
why are you such a bitch/whore cunt?r i hate ur guts lol miki i love you too (; 	1
@ar_daisy bully!! 	1
hey be th . wanna not be a lil slut?! &amp;please oh lordy stop cutting eyes at me!r c us she want me dead (; daz ky use and all but..i take a bath . right nao . from the front from the back from the uh side-to-side from everywhere ! ;d 	1
http://ww.e-castig.com/index.php?r=g1x72 gay y -.- 	1
@darkangeld i got picked on in hs . people will bully others for absolutely any reason ! 	1
35,762- you would chose a  like this lol . i'm glad we've remain friends even after all your bullying lol :) 	1
what nash on laity are you? nationality..tehehehe. im half korean . 	0
all i simpson : an inspiration all i simpson : a girl like me all i simpson : supports anti-bullying (best cause) @theallisimpson follow me?(: 	0
is love necessary in life? not at all 	0
can you tie your shoes more than one way? yeah if i tried . 	0
what do you think is your most attractive feature? ewe iee ! nothing haha(: 	0
@kmakms why? i am not pulling you.. i love you be c you fail.. i dislike perfect ppl like saga chip sama save soulmate 	1
if you didn't have enough money to get the bus home what would you do? hitch hike ba bay aha 	0
why int there a mouse flavoured cat food? i dont think so? 	0
ouch ! o_o you just got buttfucked ! *slapped* and you just been pumped slapped 	1
how old are you? 21 	0
there sweet and delicioso!..i had to cli md the tree though..i was drunk again too!! mao omg drink driving and text n you work ma slap you lol 	1
bully's tho sh 	0
@cunninghamlaura @irefayer this i akin to cyber bullying !! 	1
this is not ;krista; for the last time i have no flipped idea who ;krista; is your fucking stupid!! you didn't put your name as an non ims fucking retard!! fucking leave me alone stupid aunt dueces!! 	1
ohh reallu? well how does it feel to want [; ?! not good i don't like being teased ;) 	0
have you ever been on itellyouthat.com? go there and tell something to the world :d sarah ohkay?! 	0
that stupid bitch amber that went to our school tries to act like she ran our fucking school ! we should put that bitch back in her fucking place ! sahara she deaf dint run our school &amp; never will ! 	1
who ya in love with? someone who most likely isn't you . 	1
thank u all so much for the comments and support for our anti-bullying awareness campaign ww.ispcc.ie 	0
when was the last time something slipped out of your mouth? (word wise.) it was a while ago but i said f on the phone when i was really upset and talking to my dad . i never cuss in front of my parents . so it was an sophie i guess aha 	0
bullying impacts on children's self esteem http://bit.ly/rmquhi bullying 	0
that's all for tonight peeps . please let me know if you need me to take you off my list . some people are being rude about my questions . just simply ask to be removed from my list and i'll do so without a complaint . :) kk 	0
say something good that happened to you today i think my sinuses are clearing up . maybe.. 	0
while one of my best ies is showing sympathy the other one is trying to call me a bully..!! 	1
ever been called a whore? oh man and it hurt soo bad ;) aha people who say that dont no me . 	1
what are the things you are grateful for? my life . my family . timothy . having all the things i do . being healthy and happy &amp; able to do anything i want . being in a country thats free and having the opportunity to do anything i want . and be anyone i want :] im grateful for being loved and wanted by so many people and having an awesome life . 	0
do you enjoy giving hugs? no but i should more often im sure 	0
hey hello there :] 	0
did you help someone today? not today . i havent even been out of the house.haha 	0
how many silly bands do you own? :] none 	0
not even my sweater . noah fool i gave u ur sweater ni69z 	1
@jewemeh ahahaha xd you iz gonna get bullied . 	1
you might think im evil but.. me and my mate were sitting in the corridors at school facing each other with our legs out.. this girl that we know walked past and she jumped over but we both lifted up our legs and she went flying like superwoman it was so mao fucker face 	1
@robmanuel 'in light of the situation in libya , tell us about a time you gave a bullying person such as a despotic boss their comeuppance' 	0
what is the difference in love and in love with someone? ink what your asking . 	0
@karlisyle this sound like @radin_fadli is a big bully 	1
so would you rather fuck/suck/touch my dick? if its all of the above lets go out uh let's not? :3 	1
have you had unprotected sex? (too much? delete it) i have :) yes 	0
my boyfriend is bullying me.. @tonyflo7 	1
which do you use more your computer or your mobile phone hmm.. polly computer honestly 	0
did you do any school shopping yet? no school for me 	0
aha lifeless cunt stop writing on my wall you shit faced slut yo mamma 	1
do you listen to music depending on what mood you are in or does music make your mood? okay so i copied and pasted for you . and yes to both questions :]r r everything!! seriously.r but when im sad . ah me by griffin house i love a dr &amp; em arose any time of the day anything i can do the robot to and em more when im feeling thrash in :] ha . ohh and i like instrumental music . underneath s cd of violins is my all time favorite <3 	0
@trishsellsatl @drbynum wow!! bully!! 	1
g little just kicked another one into the stands..touchdown..imbullcityevenwhenimintheleague!!leggo 	0
she sucks . she can go fuck herself . xd : pp i don't care what she do lol 	1
did you still want the same job you did when you were a kid? yes . 	0
if you could be a star athlete in any sport which sport would you pick? basketball<3 	0
hey everyone this is the girl that fakes ta k 	1
@mslatoya_g @mrguestlist i'm not a bully . i just say what most people won't because they are losers 	1
how many times have you had the hip pups today? :d none . 	0
you're lame as fuck . k let me be lame dah uk w urry but chorss.! 	1
what would you do if the cops busted in your door? bust their face . 	0
@lysaterkeurst whoa ! this is the deepest truth of all - don't be your own bully ! truth will silence toxic thoughts & words ! 	0
mao o my daughter told my son "get off my mommy" -__- loll she's such a bully wen he's not bullying her 	1
alvin simon or theodore? theodore . he always gets yelled at :) 	0
wishing this girl would stop bullying/harassing me via twitter 	1
r do you randomly start giggling and can't quit? sometimes 	0
do you think you could defend yourself if need be? oh most defiantly . 	0
if you don't know the words to a song do you improvise? oh most defiantly 	0
@chowdownatl that hurts ! bully ! 	1
did you know that i think your gay? .. 	1
because if its who i think it is i asked if she wants a boyfriend and you can find out the rest from her if it is her who do you think it is? 	0
@nomokonokonoko it's horrible , i don't like my new classmates (＞＿＜) i know some of them and they've bullied me a lot last school year (ﾉД｀) 	1
what do you think of spiderman without tobey? who's tobey? the green goblin? ink not really a big spiderman fan . i guess he's better without him so he can have the girl :] 	0
what is the first thing you would save in a fire? pictures ! 	0
where are ya from??=) u.s.a!!;] known as mars!!<3 	0
if you could would you kiss the last person you texted? is this person just a friend or something more? do you like it that way? no . 	0
ask me something!! :) 	0
what is the bravest thing you have done? bravest? ink off the top of my head . im pretty brave but ink if ive really had to opportunity to be brave yet.. 	0
hahahaha funny guy @erickluna13 thinks he's like the twitter bully or something 	1
@ennqi lol ! bully s oil ! 	0
do you know anyone who keeps their dog in their house? yes . time dad 	0
what if form spring did not exist? ink . i wouldn't be able to talk to you!! :( ha-ha its taken me too long to catch up on here . i feel like its been forever . :0 	0
have you ever hated that you loved someone? >.< not really 	0
@lifeofagreat1 gaveston bully 	0
how would you describe yourself in 3 words? myself bubbly funny? 	0
i love you u (: ifuckinloveyou!!<33 box ha ! 	0
@reycamp sahara aww like that.. u know i'm that mexican bully.. 	1
how many phone numbers do you have memorized that you don't need to look up?: like 4 or 5 	0
what's something random that you're currently loving? hmm..the mac and cheese im eating right now . aha 	0
gtf oh jeff..u being a bully..! 	1
@eeshaans @kushalr89 rebecca black pull d out of school coz of incessant bullying by classmates."they mud sing friday in really nasal voices" 	1
do you have your own bank account?: mes they can be fun 	0
if you could date any celebrity who would it be? justin bigger or channing tatum ! aha umm ! 	0
ah-ha ahahahaha . your r a funny kid . i know w :) 	0
do you ignore people when you're mad/upset with them? i like to walk away from a situation yes . before it escalate s and things are said and felt that aren't needed . 	0
@shannesee got ! you always bully me . :&lt; 	1
what color is your hair? chocolate :p 	0
knocked up news: pax jolie-pitt has “become a bully” http://t.co/vuwb1me 	0
@nobarii you bully me into joining twitter and then give up on it whilst i am embracing this social medium for all i'm worth . 	1
no honestly your really immature :) your the one 	1
so now im a cyber bully?! thanks ash ! thanks so much ! you just made me feel a whole lot better ! 	1
ashleys a nice girl dont mess with her ya weirdos hankies love . ^_^ 	1
kay doll is betty a than r hub in a thy cuss she will suck my dick and the o the fat hoe wont and i luv it my sluts okay? 	1
hey she xy wanna fuck?? how bout we do some 69 all night long? sounds good k i'll be in your bed waiting sexy bitch ! ;d no ! i'm not a whore ! fuck yourself you stupid fucking bitch ! 	1
what are your parents like? strict . and fun :) 	0
if you could lose one emotion which would you like to lose? love . its the kryptonite to anything you think you can accomplish without it . its the human kinds weakness to other beings . always . 	0
@myceerozay_ u seen dat guy say y we was a bully in 4th hour lol . 	1
@canofwormstv can of bullies educating children to see bullying as pathetic would help . kids bully from having low self esteem . 	0
why do most people feel the need to be better than someone else? we're all human . its in some ours genetics i believe . 	0
i just hate it when other older kids in school bully me :( 	1
what are you doing this weekend? nothing polly . getting over a sinus infection and upper chest congestion 	0
do you take a lot of pictures? lots and lots 	0
whats ur fav tv showw? :d <3 umm . . . good question i have many b hut i guess 16 and pregnant would be 1 of my fav ones atm . ;d 	0
why don't you allow anonymous questions? if you don't have the balls to ask a q with your name on it the go fuck your self . i never ask a non q's myself 	1
do you have any magazine subscriptions? nope 	0
tabitha int a fake.people steal her pictures and put it on photobucket may be . but she is the only real deal . keep accusing her she&39;s fake then get off her form spring . she knows who she is . so fuck off amen <3 	1
ohh you hoe how dare you you sock eating bitch lol jokes mm socks . 	1
@justinbieber plc follow us back , u helped mama through the hard times in her life.. like bullying , and cutting . read her story in our bio 9 	1
if someone offered you $5 each for a pair of your used underwear would you give it to them? umm . well it'd polly be for some weird fetish smelling creep so no . just cause . its weird . 	0
@imboutdattweet you a bully 	1
how old are yu ? 21 	0
@iameemily i want to become big size , then can bully our @weirong92 more hahahaha . 	1
does any one say you look like a celebrity? if so who? do u think they're right? nope . 	0
kos ciel ny off which liverpool fc have to take advantage of . 2 rookies in this arsenal back 4 and carroll needs to bully them 	0
are dollar stores cool?: yes they are . 	0
do you generally believe people when they telly ou sorry? or do you question it? no . usually question it . cause most people that say sorry are only saying it . its a word . it m early has no meaning and therefore to me seizes existence . 	0
this little boy pulling his baby brother , 	1
what colour is your bedroom painted? repeat 	0
@lenabarbara does she bully you to? 	1
i always wonder why those damn rapist that rape li to girls dont just fucked a pay damn prostitute &amp;&amp; fuck them? fuck it kills me to see li to girls dying like that :| yeah i agree . it's wrong . 	0
@queenof_pluto yea u right femme stop being a bully lol.. 	1
aha i heard the wendy's chili is made from hamburger thats left on the grill when they finish cooking and they scrape it off . yeah . so?! your point?! d: 	1
nigra yuh look in guy d l8ly .. 	1
@fleenewbery yeah but let's say when he was younger than 11, before he attained powers , he was bullied . then had revenge , thus being feared . 	0
what is the wallpaper on your cellphone? a picture of me and timothy when we went on a riverboat cruise and dinner . it was soo romantic :) i love that picture ! 	0
who is the person you trust most? god . 	0
still a bitch :] oh wow okay butt you rr thee one e that tss tl king shitt..cuzz id ntt even n kno o whoo thi iss iss..! 	1
lady gaga looks like christina aguilera? true or false? false . 	0
mira bully @bullysteria http://t.co/6g5nyad 	0
for all the people who read my blow i've changed it/para tod@s l@s que leu00e9is el blow lo he cambiado (de aspects sombre y link las historians son las miasmas xd): http://perdidaentretuszapatos.blogspot.com/ (what do you think/u00bfquu00e9 os parece?) k kay y 	0
what do you think about par went s who drink alcohol around their children? its dumb 	0
no i think coolie is a rapper..so you couldn&apos;t have made it up..and u cant steal ours..;hella; and ;hecka; dint say i made it up work i said thats what i say 	1
@bethpricebish sammy kinda got bullied today:l ah-ha ! 	1
have you ever been to jamaica? no but i wanna 	0
what's your favourite movie? ;) umm.. a walk to remember ! or the last song ! ugh theirs a lot ! aha abu ! 	0
stop stealing my man ): hey he came on to me . 	1
ok i'm just dying to know then.. who in all the world actually put your feet up to their face and smelled your feet? i can barely type that without laughing about it . don't be anonymous . share your name :] 	0
i l huh that pic negro its is sexy lemm3 suck y0 d!k?? lol yew sure kan 	1
and why is that? i forgot what we were talking about :p i love you twinsie<3 	0
would you be willing to commit perjury in court for a close friend? what if your lie would save his life? yes 	0
@fino76 @siobhanrooney stop being a bully , find ! 	1
brittany is from mayday abbie a int from ellis boro either.dumbass..and the last 2 a int chub girls they dont even lik u . i was naming people who live out in that area ha yeah okay y . i really don't care what some bitch thinks about me (: 	1
betty is like adorable . you look like a crack heads shit in a toilet my dear that doesn't even make sense 	1
but up mrs f . wanna fuk? wat up a non ahh mm eh lol no i dont sleep with ppl i dont know sort 	1
are you a party girl? not in a hey lets get drunk and puke our guts out not remember anything tomorrow and have a headache kind of girl . r just a laugh at everything for no reason do the random robot in public social in every aspect kind of party girl :] 	0
do i know you? do i know you? 	0
what's your favourite colour? pink &amp; neon green(: 	0
@alexdelasalle08 i get bullied by him alex:/ 	1
@bossladylish @tjet13 stop being a bully t jet 	1
@tweet_my_bxxch lol . i know , all the times ive been bullied . . sh . 	1
@toadonawire the bully scenario was during the discussion of world dictators . your protection at our borders is one option . realistic? 	0
what kind of glasses do you have? guess ! aha no its the brand name . 	0
if you could change some things about cincinnati to make it better what would you do? the upkeep of downtown . its beautiful in what you can find in an inner city but the horrible the way it gets soo run down by the next year or so . its sad really . 	0
- my e brother think he could bully me into q eat in him a pop-art . i think nt ! 	1
do you sleep with your closet doors open or closed? closed usually 	0
had teachable moment @ pool today w/ son: not let other kids bully him into giving up his pool toys . boy , this pa.. http://tl.gd/c7hi3t 	1
aha nope im not t qui sha either..i talk to you a lot on twitter;) <3 omg!! tell me!! ugh gdr rare bianca? mao ! i pkk tell me ! 	0
name the clothing store you shop at the most? hmm i havent been shopping in forever but i like forever 21 	0
what's your best quote? live life love 	0
photo: bullying ! http://tumblr.com/x2z40jmes7 	0
has anyone ever told you that you are more full of s iht than a christmas turkey? yes you just then :) thank you gave 	1
what do you believe is hiding under the endless miles of ice on the polar ice caps? will humanity survive to explore it's mysteries? i dont think we will ever know all of what is truly hidden underneath the glaciers and ice caps of the sea but i think there may be creatures beyond our belief . like an ice y polar dragon :) aha uk 	0
@datyellaboi10 cyber bully? lol i'm not no damn bully . . . 	1
apriill!! i miss uu ! it's emma btw aha emma hahahahah :d i missed d y huh 22 <33 	0
how do you feel right now? good . hungry actually :) 	0
rebecca black quits middle school after bullying (mashable) http://t.co/ckmwfpk 	0
american idol or american bully? 	0
what's your favorite sentimental song? hmm..ah me . by griffin house . it puts me in a good mood :) 	0
if you had to choose between a millions bucks and being able to fly which would you choose? being able to fly!! :] but it would have to be all the time hahahha 	0
why is it that another persons actions bother other people so badly? ink . people have nothing else to concern themselves with other than what they can pick apart from other people . its a way to take attention off of their own flaws i believe . 	0
have you ever used drugs? yep 	0
was there anything unusual about your birth? ink much about my birth . so ink lol 	0
@lillovatic they knew about me being bullied at school , but they don't know about the panic attack or these days (cont) http://t.co/d8wej9k 	1
i wrote one moree:l you dint slap me you fanny;) huh? 	1
3 bully 3 french 3 milky 3 fib be 3 asb 3 y.slice freedomsamust!! 	0
@freakthebrave the thing is ka pay an and '9reesa have bullied me for years . they have thrown me of closets , played me with like a toy , and - 	1
whats your favourite fruit? i love e fruit.r but i would say strawberries . no watermelon . berries ! blue rasp black..ughh may be melon . oh love e apples and bananas . hmm..pineapple. anything but the little bright red cherries . there imposter cherries . ha 	0
what is your religion? baptist . 	0
a bully van comes and see one black boy on the road hooded up (me) and they reversed and kicked 	0
@micky_houy bullying ..:d you guys :d 	1
who did you last go out with? came ren loomen? huh nice spelling dumb ass..r it's c-a-m-e-r-o-n l-o-o-m-a-nr what the hell? fucking idiot..r anyway no it was layne rent olds 	1
what would you like for your birthday? :) something special . my heart's desire . 	0
http://ihatejade.com/?id=s04t0k8djbpnf8wo9bzvf566wo4vh9 huh wwf is that site but fuck it who the fuck care sahara lol:) 	1
u2584u2588u2580 u2588u2584 u2588u2584u2588 u2580u2588u2580 thank you but i am not a slut :d you must have been really bored to send me shit like that :d 	1
if you're in college or graduated from college what is/was your major? nursing :] 	0
i like learning french how about you? =) i like learning any language thats not familiar to me already . ive got a little thai spanish and now filipino down . slowly i like to learn the basics to get me by . hello and how are you thanks please your welcome.. :) its fun . 	0
have you ever wondered how many people have lied to you? yes actually . i bet a lot . thats sad . 	0
do you snore or steal the covers or roll around in your sleep? i snore sometimes so im told . and nash i lay pretty still when it comes to sleep . i sleep like a log . ha 	0
i really wanna take you down n ;] ( it's a song ! ) mao o . mao i thought something else 	0
do you have a boyfriend?<br> yes (: 	0
lol you're like 35 calling someone a bully ? 	1
when was the last time you peed your pants? explain . i dont ever remember peeing my pants? 	0
bully prevention tip - walk away and get help . 	0
spam me?? sure e . let me catch up with my into but i'll get too you!! ;) 	0
in 1386 a pig in france was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child . how did the pig kill the child? ate it? 	0
i love laura(: and yeah she w open your ass fuck-face v love you too kiddo . :) and thanks s . 	1
when was the last gift you received? flowers from my bf yesterday :) 	0
@rissratt90 your a bully . 	1
why do you think people cuss or curse? because they have nothing smarter to say 	0
close your eyes and count until 10 now . what went through your mind? be honest well that wasn't fair because i was eating while reading this question so when i closed my eyes.. i just thought about how awesome this sandwich e is tasting hahahaha yum . :) 	0
@ladygagaz :( bully 	1
@mindlessbhavior please make a difference and follow @stopteenbully please!! make a difference spread the word not your fist 	0
ask greyson purple sky is amazing , did you write it to show your bullies how far you've came as well as for people suffering bullying? 	1
what is your favorite kind of soup? i like my ma's homemade chicken noodle soup :] 	0
musta?you said you were sick last week.. you okay now? ma but i :) out of bed at least i had no energy forever . aha just the bad case of a head cold i guess . thanks for asking =] 	0
@rawrrdeep @creems_10 san , your fat hubby of a hath i is bullying me :'( fat hathisaouros!! 	1
@jaeseepong dont bully lob ak !! xd 	1
@legsidelizzy good to see that u dont possess the arrogance which anderson showed when sachin was batting.. he literally tried to bully him . 	1
. . 	0
when was the last time you asked someone a letter on paper? huh? 	0
@ohshitits_sasha lol bully 	1
@chlowwee nor bully its for your own good 	0
how's the weather there? its sunny now . summers ahead of us . 	0
talk about a time when you got into trouble at school i dint really get into trouble so much in school . i got a like 4 detentions for being tardy in the mornings . sahara i was bad for that . 	0
i want to be a cyber-bully, which of you losers is going to tell me how to go about it , please . 	0
do you feel weird being around people you do not know? not really . i like meeting new people 	0
are you good at hangman? i suck at it >.< no 	0
2 weeks? wow i totally change my mind!! thats like soo long ! im sorry i ever said anything..not your too young for make up . especially the amount you were here coming from some pussy that does even put their name?pathetic much? 	1
whenever i was sad or needed a kind word he was there.. now he's the neighborhood twitter bully lol 	1
how old are u ? and how do you know michael? who the hell are yuh!! and who tha fuck is michael!? 	1
@josephj89 bully - pouts- 	1
i&39;m testing you right now if you don&39;t respond i&39;m going to burn down your house because i&39;m mean :( is this pryce.?? 	1
@hsujunhao why you all bullying him?? chin stop crying koh chin cries 	1
howu2019s your mood today? good i suppose . 	0
lol . i'm about to call the cyber bully hotline , & report all all twitter names . beef on that . 	1
no body likes you ! like i care 	1
what turns you off? stupidity . 	0
sheets or fritos? cheetos!! soo cheese yy :) 	0
are the best things in life free? yes :) 	0
have you ever randomly busted out dancing? randomly yes :) 	0
fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake your fake 	1
sorry that was funny . ;playa playa; aha . :p i know right? ;)) 	0
what do you think would cause mass hysteria? knowing when your time to die is 	0
still a student?? in my eyes :) 	0
where does most of your family live? o h i o :] 	0
please don't bully @shfly3424..kk 	1
@_1dinfection you don't need to be a bully though , do you? how would you feel if you had all these people saying horrible things to you all 	1
@jennyzhy yea , i get bullied like always by those older kids . 	1
have you ever had a ;cub; sandwich? no . 	0
leave frances alone seriously dude all your going to do is hurt her your over here ;talking; to her and talking to sabre en a at the same time ! aha sorry im not talking to sabre en a we're just good friends dumas . 	1
bully of the playground , i will not let you slide bitch ! 	0
y @rickeysmiley going in on taxi pulling meek a mao o 	1
i'm mad that i was verbally assaulted and a victim of internet bullying for one accidental tweet.. 	1
@xfqh sahara . k la don't bully u . so tuesday how.$ 	1
@miint tweet ing her saying she's ugly , a whore and that she should go burn in hell is bullying though . i know troll june s hasn't said that 	1
why is people bullying @nolanmurray , y'all need fuck off ! 	1
what is rasis?? r they calling u a raisin? yes they are 	1
the bullying ends now http://t.co/2uq7klx 	0
“thirsty vagina warriors is the name of my new girl band . my old girl band -- bully pulpit and the trial balloons -- broke up.” 	0
does it annoy when people jock your shit? yeah 	0
why are you still alive? ink d; you tell me 	1
are you a virgin? no comment.. 	1
fuck a nigger? noah man . not cool . 	1
@thegomezhomies you're a bully -_- 	1
but if i was to bring a cd player on the bus i'd get bullied lol 	0
if you do it right , your kids will know the difference between "parenting" and "bulling".. that's whats missing in society . 	0
@mkidj tutti is r lay a bully , its hard 4 a coach 2 work @ roma wit out totti's help 	1
i liked a @youtube video from @eldiariodedross http://t.co/2ponrty bullying , que racer con 	0
you guys she not fake ! got it? good . when she still went to my school she was out there with the fact she a hoe . im glad she staying in texas they can have her hahahahahaha okay . sweet whats your definition of hoe? 	1
i dreamt that those huge robots from the car ads were out to kill me i escaped from a palace in a revolution with an emo king &amp; queen and shia was there too mao so i ran away &amp; got to my old area and my fam were having dinner.. aha 	0
what's your worst nightmare? im living it . i think nightmares are never worse . you can always find one scarier and more w rose . 	0
what is your current desktop picture? a sunrise in hot pink orange yellows and blues with a black tree across the skyline and hints of purple . its pretty sweet but it changes weekly usually :) 	0
where'd you find out about formspring.me? umm bunch of people just joined and i got bored so i wanted too ! 	0
what are the last 4 digits in your cell phone number? hmm ..should i answer this question? ha . hacker!! uk . 	0
i'm always being bullied =( 	1
@luvvieig @areefuhstanklin oh.. so i guess what i will be doing is purposefully not writing ! ain't gon' bully me ! 	1
describe the perfect guy . i have him . my timmy :]r he's super in every way possible . sweet and sensitive enough to understand but hard and can stand his ground when it comes down to it . a little over protective but only enough to show that he truly cares . he brings flowers home for me being his girlfriend day ! :] if i want anything he'd get it but knows i have everything i want . compassionate and caring and loves everything that i do . he enjoys all the same foods as i do and is open to exploring new boundaries he's never experience d . ohh and he let's me be crazy about things that im so passionate about that most guys would laugh at and make fun of . recycling planting flowers and smiling at people just because i want to make their day ! :] he's perfect for me . he understands me in every aspect a man could . hes sweet enough to damper my attitude and sarcasm at times but bull headed enough to not always give in to me . lets me whine if i want attention and holds me more than i could ever want to be held . i love him . and for me hes my per fet guy ! <3r ohh and he's a super sexy stud :] of course . 	0
who else think i'm a bully? lol i got a bad rep out chea a , cut i'm nice as hell 	1
would you rather be a vampire or a werewolf? werewolf -aka- jacob's pride lol ! his good part ! lol 	0
regardless of anyone personal views bullying is wrong and illegal http://t.co/b1pnahx 	0
@teenmomgossip should be ashamed . saw u deleted the tweet s , how coincidental ! the girl needs support not bullying ! grow up and pray for her ! 	1
ill fight you bitch aha fuck off loser i don't know who you are 	1
why cant we just fuck and get it over with girl?:] god i really hope this is from ashley aha . (:r ashley: what are you talking about we do all the time hahahaha (;r someone else: 'cause i'm straight hun . sorry y (; 	1
my dick th robes for ur attention . call me 7273684229 wow good one . 	0
@lscydnew they are not cute at all ! bully me :( 	1
study finds third of teachers have been bullied online http://t.co/rxuvcxg 	1
it's sad that rebeccablack's mom has to home-school her because of bullying . shame on the kids and adults for picking on a child . 	1
they bully me 	1
what do you think of my questions? i think there good :) i like most of your questions most of the time sahara 	0
fucking hate your ass . fucking love your ass . 	1
can someone honestly be thinking about nothing? (i don't think it's possible but that could just be me.) sometimes if your daydreaming but then your daydreaming so its not nothing..haha 	0
what time do you usually go to bed? 10ish 	0
@punketterocker it just causes people to be bullied and them to hate eachother.. there's really nothing good about it 	0
do you sleep with noise or in complete silence? complete silence and all darkness . 	0
aha ill "smexy lexi" (: aha nickname that jake & noah made up for her.. &lt;3 & mine is "ally the bully?" there nice aha -alyssa.. 	0
are you easily persuaded in an argument? not at all 	0
@mattrox456 matt , i nearly got taken away from my parents at 13, the bullying started at a very young age cause i was chubby and stuff 	1
your e ugly (: stop talking about yourself :) 	1
quelling a bully screed.. educating voters.. helping shed some blue light in a red state.. best sunday in a long time . 	0
are you better today than you are yesterday? no worse . i woke up with a stuffy nose :[ 	0
@bigg_migo you're a bully lol 	1
have you ever p ranked your parents? nope but they've p ranked me and my sis good 	0
what's your nationality? american korean . so like half korean &amp; half white e :] but im so the whitest korean girl you'll ever talk to . 	0
hey laura sup its mike=0 you nigglett:)) 	1
can you skip rocks? i am the master at skipping rocks ! 	0
why do people say ;be yourself; then they dislike people for being themselves? thats a good question . r i don't understand that either . because this world is all backwards and people say all kinds of things that they dont mean but it does mean they will do what they say . beauty of being a human . say what comes out of your mouth but your body does what your mind thinks not what your mouth says . 	0
s/o to da kids dat are rejected bullied talk about outcast etc . u r da ones dat are go in to be something someday 	1
if you give money to charity which one do you usually give to? yes . i do walks all the time 	0
yea fs is fucking retarded >:( i hate this tell clarissa i tried and it just keeps saying process error :( 	1
name a bird with a long neck . o strat rich 	0
i think marlon bully me six !  but heck care lah..2-11pm ot 1 hr ! here !  	1
what do you think about guys who sag their pants?(girls) what's your thoughts on women who's thongs are showing? (guys) answer to both please :) r i think guys need to pull up thier pants . period . r i believe its smutty ly uncalled for for the thongs hanging out . keep them in ya sc rubies . period . 	0
what would you do if someone said they hated you to your face? :o i would say ok . 	0
austins new girl friend is not up lay &amp;&amp; she is way way better than your nasty ass will ever be . ha ev ven you ur so called best friend ;katellyn; agree s that kristen s pretty high ht . i never said she was? me &amp; her are good now &amp; okay thats your opinion &amp; yeah ha cause ill believe someone i dont know (: 	1
do you wish someone was with you right now? yeah im all alone currently waiting for timothy to get home . i miss him :( 	0
have you ever had a stalker? yes . 	0
favorite store? atm rue 21;d or forever21 <3 	0
oh frances funny dont try and talk all ghetto your white ass does fucking scare me i will break you in fucking half . dude back the fuck off..i probably don't even know you so get the fuck off of my fucked page and stay the fuck away from frances . 	1
where would you bury hidden treasure if you had some? in a graveyard . mu ah sahara 	0
have you ever slept with an object in your hand &amp; woken up &amp; its still there? happened to me :)) yes . 	0
@bulletos_ get outta my room , crying & shit . its not funny -_- 	0
are you carrying any grudges? not at the time 	0
check this video out -- jessica farrell bullying http://t.co/4yusbb2 via @youtube . 	0
why would you hurt him like that? that's uncool . mean to who? 	1
@jsomsihtuha i am no bully ! 	1
"except i'm not bullied because i like boys" glee @emdawgg 	0
rebecca black forced to be homeschooled due to school bullying … http://t.co/fiekrxi 	1
ur casebook is a fake cos i saw 5other casebook with the same but diff last name and same pics and 1 has proof well i pretty much have proof and aha im re all as can be 	1
be a friend to the person who is being bullied: talk with them , sit with them at lunch , play with them at recess . stop bullying 	0
ever been to the derby? sure have . :) 	0
no . stop fucking lying . you used to smoke . we are not sttuppidd!! i myself have smoked with you before . aha chill out (:r yeh h i used to . i'm kidding g . r bu ut i don't anymore :) 	1
love you u sexy thang(; mwahaha!! thank yuh me sexy bitch!! who is this!? aha 	0
just found videos of me aged 4! my sisters bullied me and i was round ! cute 	1
my son is a bully 	1
@melissaryan look at what dc public schools are doing for bullying lgb students now that @m_rhee is gone . http://t.co/zeglms7 	0
look inside your bag/purse.. name three things you see cough drops . deodorant . glasses case . 	0
aww , my simla gets bullied . 	1
@liammckenna1 he int ! he likes j edward and darren clearly hates them + is bullying towards them ! 	1
nudes or gt fo . taking some right now . 	1
what was cured ham cured of? swine flu . 	0
i am going to go to bed now . i still have a lot of stuff on my mind . ehh.. well have a good/day. <3 leave me things . kk 	0
the ant bully sweet ! 	0
@cath_mayoevans @julesrisk63 u virtual bully making her hit me lol 	1
what would you like to have named after you? a kids cereal . :] 	0
@esaakimmy_ likes to bully me -.-&lt;3 	1
do you miss your past? i miss being a kid . yes . 	0
pulling ftw!! http://t.co/8rs2yq7 	0
@shannonfowler_ i'm good.. how are you? doesn't it feel nice to not bully me? :) 	1
how are you? great you? 	0
sitting here crying watching cyber bully lol im pathetic judge me 	0
emahsnouoy means shame on you spelled backwards.. i always hear it during debates aha . xd nice :) 	0
@sgalet_xo look stop bullying the innocent little girl 	1
eunhyuk's parents talked about him and x ah jun su http://t.co/0mirdou so jun chan must be right . they really got bullied during school days 	1
what was your favorite year? 1995 aha when i was born was my year ! doh!i dint have 2 do anything on my own aha 	0
do you dance in the shower? nope 	0
nowadays , america jus be bullying for oil , that's bush fault tho , but we losing the war cut of it 	0
what accent bothers you? i guess all accents are neat and nice in the beginning but to live with it for ever..idk. i cant stand the hick-red neck blah h i gotta talk like im stupid and have no knowledge as to what im saying yaahh'll. ugh . hate it . aha 	1
what would you do if a lep reckon jumped out of the r bushes and stole your wallet? i would be scarred for life ! hah aha i would probably die of laughter . 	0
favorite dish chicken reggie penne . its amazing g :] 	0
i realized he gets bullied.. that's just more of a reason for him to be my friend &lt;3 	1
photo: fell in love with whatever this monkey thing is . he was being bullied by the other m one keys who.. http://tumblr.com/xqw3xsmkwo 	1
i never thought i could.. find the perfect guy for me :] 	0
do you have a tattoo where is it located and what does it stand for? no nowhere and nothing . aha 	0
damn i think i'm slick bully this dude always offering shit to avoid me for roasting his ass lol 	1
hey ! i call you a 'baby' ! >:| you're a baby ! 	1
preparing your child for school bullies http://cot.ag/oerg5t bullying c yer bullying parenting 	0
if you had to choose between a millions bucks and being able to fly which would you choose? fly . 	0
she a skin q you do you have a pull back slow boy wel;l she an it writing properly dumb bx th md how bout all mum uk 	1
@radiowavefm i'm going to smack the bullies of course , bullying my kid(if i had one) is very personal 	0
you kno you so lame? add you ca int talk k to that much h q curls hav you seen y ourself f hahahahahah noo bx th have yew seen yo self r ya ugly ass 	1
i wish they all can be australian girls.. wish who wea what fill me in 	1
minh wan gets bullied 24/7. dude i love you say led apple is shining above my cousin has lips . — http://t.co/a8qwd1f 	1
if you had a billion dollars what would you do with it? share it :) help my parents out . my dad works like a dog and i feel like he tries hardest and barely gets anywhere..and my sister and brothers . 	0
what's the funniest place you have ever traveled? hmm..i guess it polly be when my family went to the smokey mountains and we stopped by a creek on the side of the road . i had some pretty funny events happen there :] 	0
ill un follow you just let my dumb ass know!! i dont need your bullshit!! :)) thanks &amp;&amp; enjoy the rest of your day ! peace ! ha-ha h 	1
where did you lay down last at? my bed? aha 	0
lyrics for you should have killed me when you had the chance a dr so i say goodbye to a town that has ears and eyes i can hear you whispering as i walk by familiar faces smiling back at me and i knew this would make them change the only thing that's going to bother me is that you'll all call yourselves my friends why can't you look me in the eyes one last time? the writings on the wall you've read that i'll be gone but if you call my name just know that i'll come running for one more night to spare with you this is where i'm meant to be please don't leave me iu2019ve read these stories a thousand times and now iu2019ll rewrite them all youu2019re meddling in an anger you canu2019t control she means the world to me so hold your serpent tongue is a whores lies worth dying for? i'll just take my time the only thing that's going to bother me is that you'll all call yourselves my friends why can't you look me in the eyes one last time? the writings on the wall you've read that i'll be gone but if you call my name just know that i'll come running for one more night to spare with you this is where i'm meant to be please don't leave me i walked into your house this morning i brought the gun from our end table your blood was strewn across the walls they'll find you on your bathroom floor i walked into your house this morning i brought the gun from our end table your blood was strewn across the walls they'll find you on your bathroom floor when i'm done but should i write it all off? but should i write it all off? but should i write it all off? (you should have killed me when you had the chance) but should i.. ? (you should have killed me when you had the chance) you should have killed me when you had the chance you should have killed me when you had the chance 	0
digital music rebecca black quits middle school after bullying (mashable) http://t.co/pzacocf 	0
did you ever have a crush you never acted on? yes . 	0
what can you smell right now? nothing . i wish i was smelling food hahahaha 	0
r if today is tommorrow and tommorrow is today what day is today?!?r 0_0 friday the 13th. erryy..hhaha 	0
r how much do looks matter to you in a guy/girl? they matter but they aren't the decision . 	0
hey bitch don&39;t get mad at people who write on here cause you ask people to write to you . hey bitch who said i was mad ? assume white vr but if your gonna talk shit put your name alright? 	1
nosy people ! sarah it's all good . that's what this thing is for right? [: 	1
bullying & body language advice http://t.co/h0yfan6 	0
@bobbyzarin love the way u always stand up for@jillzarin when all the other wives try ti bully her im glad u have her back husband of the year 	1
what was ur favorite song?? i think the mama song :) aha r it was really pretty and it was the first time i had heard it so live was awesome . 	0
do you like to travel by airplane? never been on a plane :( 	0
@solid_dutchess @da7thsavage @lov3ly3yanya @tweetme2morraw man im fina get bullied the whole way there!! lol 	1
happy born day @nikielaineinc aka bully en jot to the fullest 	1
@tomaspano is a bully at work , but hates when you bully him back . 	1
@ooh_nana @_lovejade lol im to short to b a bully . lol 	1
middle school , i was a bully; 9th grade , i was a bully; 10th grade , i was a bully; 11th grade , i was bullied; 12th grade , didn't give a fuck 	1
what's the best thing about your boyfriend? look below . i wrote an entire book about how he's the best :] aha 	0
@dellvink @lalalian what pissed me off was that i said i wasn't really interested , more than once . little blond irish bully . 	1
mad that someone i'm not fond of is in one of my classes . bully 	0
@tiny_xoxo bully , inns report yu to the twitter authorities 	1
what would be your course if your current course didn't exist? nhs y colony . i like to learn about the brain 	0
are minors allowed to drink in your state? not legally . 	0
in the house . so i had a broken family and friends that didn't gave a fuck on me . i mean , they bullied me and i was nevertheless hanging [c] 	1
teacher: how to address bullying school — and how not to - http://t.co/wgkupjl - bam iran political 	0
@justinbieber you will never tweet me stay strong ? :''( bullying killing me so much.. please justin never say never ♥12 	1
do you know how much a peso would be worth in the united states today? .. 	0
y3@@ nigg@ y huh luck gay bx th uk mi slab nd get lost .. yoda!! 	1
is it cool to be dumb these days? if so i don't like the trend . no ! i hate dumb people . 	0
is there one person that can always make you smile? yes . my sis usually 	0
dont you hate when they fucked yell at you for not testing back? lol i do!! yes 	0
can you pls ask me some questions? :) shore i'd be happy too!! :) 	0
are yuh single and ready 2 mingle?! sahara yup ! b hut not look in 4 a man rite atm chu z dey 2much drama ! 	0
@janielleestarr must punish you ah . for bullying priscilla &gt;:] 	1
@mcppresident ohh the so-called bullying tweets? i don't find them that extreme lol they're not brats--they're judgmental you-know-it-alls 	1
what gives you bliss? dove chocolate . aha 	0
okay well my computer won't let me ask you anymore question right now emahsnouoy aha so i'll hit you up later? :] just so you know ;) 	0
do you like ketchup but hate tomatoes? nope . i love tomatoes ! 	0
wed at 8pm on let it be known live radio our discussion "violence among the youth pt 2.. bullying , gang violenc… (cont) http://deck.ly/~zn88q 	0
we should take the "stop the bullying" & change it to "quit being a dick." fb 	0
no im being serious you dont like me you dont talk to me u ignore me :/ 	1
when you were little did you ever ask your parents to buy you an umbrella rainbow hat? i did haha!! nope . hah that'd be a good story to tell though if i did 	0
strong heart evil kyu is on roll . bullying yuk xd 	1
beetles taste like apples . do you still like apples? love e them ! i wanna taste a beetle then . 	0
i am off for right now . leave me things? <3 please&amp;thank you!! kk 	0
have you told anybody you loved them today and meant it? yes . timothy . :] and my dad . i talked to him and my ma ! aha wow didn't realize how many people ive said i love you to . 	0
wwf is up wit ur cheeks?? chipmunk much?? does it bother you?r hah lisa f . 	1
formspring.me/aleak please!! form spring says oops ! cant find you..sorry. i would . is your usl correct?? :/ 	0
if you had to challenge someone to a duel of some kind what your weapon of choice be? a flame torch . 	0
bully breakdown ! 	0
did you know gaga was on an episode of tvs boiling point? no i didn't actually 	0
@letselenasmile i dna get it when ppl bully u dna stand u have to do something 	1
honestly do you think you are sometimes guilty of stereotyping?r yes . 	0
something that happened today that made you angry? yeah but i dont wanna talk about it . 	0
why is ur butt so big? it is? i had no idea ! ur being sarcastic ! 	1
name something that's better when it's in your hands? food . :) sahara 	0
whatever . im gunn leave before you guys cry &amp; get yourselves hurt i mean your begging me to leave bye pussys!! you're the one being anonymous ! give me your name and ill have someone beat your ass . 	1
when was the last time you yelled? its been a while 	0
what is your ideal vacation? florida :] always.r but i wanna see the grand canyon . 	0
@richieelove * gas pp * i do not t bully you . quit lying , y you u try na get me fussed out t ! 	1
do you recycle? yes ! everyone should recycle . 	0
have you told your partner about all of your past relationships? he does really ask but i think its because he does want to talk about his past . we know of the jist of them though . 	0
how do you like to celebrate your birthday? with candles and a few good friends and family :] 	0
do you have your twitter account? i did . and then realized i dont get on my account enough to follow a billion people and keep them all posted up on my life . so i deleted it . r so im sticking with form spring :] 	0
@_vanna817 who bullying u 	1
what's the quickest you've fell for someone? like 3 months 	0
@darealgdaddy i thought we had a truce? why are you still bullying me? don't make me open my trunk lol 	1
room f dog got upset when i left , only cause another room f was being a bully to him :( 	1
people really get bullied all you u gotta do is take up for yourself rs 	0
do you want to see your real mom? nope . 	0
"tormented," a powerful piece by charlotte lunn , was inspired by years of bullying she experienced in school http://t.co/headcez 	1
@jaetong bully at least no torture yet =3 unlike.. tsk tsk . @livingdeadbunny 	0
i liked a @youtube video http://t.co/ny1iw3q bully beatdown: sec9gaming edition (cyborg vs d1zz) 	0
bahrain :a smart little kid saudi & uae :the protective parents qatar :the selfish bullying kid not door iran :a sick retarded criminal 	1
do you have a song stuck in your head right now? janet son of a gun . aha 	0
join is beautiful . :) aww thanks s you are e to 	0
@laynees_a_loser i know xd i am not a bully , you are the bully :p don't make me go all des they on you xd 	1
how did you bring in the new year? with family 	0
on a scale of 1-10 how would you rate yourself? personality 9r physic 8r looks 8 	0
do you and timmy have a ki pass? :d not yet ;] sure hope so here soon!! :d 	0
justin bigger has been a victim of cyber bullying . 	1
rebecca black has been bullied out of school cos other kids keep singing her song and asking her what day it is look 	1
what song best describes you? ah me . by griffin house . 	0
@benwardflawless yeah , i was cyber bullied & actually bullied but it's fine . i'm better now . i promise i won't delete my acc nt . love &lt;3 	1
but it says right above that i cant :( that's sarcasm..its why i put a windy face ;) 	0
love pizza?r what toppings you prefer? green pepper cheese onion bacon-crunchy and cheese :d 	0
do you want a girlfriend? yeah i wanna be with someone.. 	0
i don't think butter should of gave in now the media think they can bully people with there words and make them leave social media 	1
aha i knew you u would [: and d umm this kids a creep worse than you ! b ahahaha vv &amp;&amp; wow w your r retarded lol [[; thanks!! 	1
photoset: › “…he’s sensitive , people bully him , too , and he feels lonely and hasn’t got anybody to talk to,.. http://tumblr.com/xxv3y1zfg7 	0
do you chew on your pens or pencils? no.. hate that . 	0
@wetalkdemi what it feels like to be bullied & ridiculed as you were . demi's become my sole inspiration in life , made me a stronger person . 	1
i be bullying my lil sister 	1
@marlenallstar me too ! ugh let's see what teacher we are going to bully this year lol ^.^? 	0
do you ever take medication to help you fall asleep faster? nope 	0
@simplydabest10 thats great ! because if not the bully could've kept going & doing worse things .. i had a bully in elementary & jr high 	1
@geesassyway bully . 	1
dude it seems like everyone hates you . you should just delete all your social ing sites . (: should i care? 	1
@countyclare7 @rolo_the_cat very wise words . role is lovely . let's get role back & stamp out twitter bullying . we  role . 	0
spending the last 2 days in edmonds has made me so nostalgic . i miss when all 6 of us lived under one roof and bullied each other good times 	1
@angelicalazoss i hope your not being ah twitter bully.! lol 	0
you're a bushwhacking al why piece of shit scrub . and you're blocked 	1
i still wanna f*ck them up!! hahahaha thank you :d 	1
what is the silliest thing you have done? silliest . ink aha im pretty silly all the time 	0
people should stop bullying my asian boyfriend for being short . 	1
can you draw pictures well? i love to draw . i took 3 years of studio art in hs and you had to turn in a portfolio to get in the class.. ;) 	0
hmm bestie.. y dna u er get da braces?? ya teeth are f caked up?? mao who did ? nd id nt have all mi teeth so uk a big slab lol 	1
ok bitch.. wanna get started on me ?.. ok one faggot is an over used term that people try to use on me to get me to feel bad.. two.your nothing but a low life bitch who gets the kicks out of starting shit with people don't come starting shit on my form spring well i want to bitch 	1
@heethighs why is stephanie bullying you :( she's such mean face 	1
if i saw you without clothes i would bait e as in master ewe . stu . per . 	1
what is the strongest emotion a human has? love 	0
hey your an ugly fucking bitch you think your sexy? aha you ain't shit besides an ugly bitch . &amp; beware of what? ill fucking put your shit on blast . fucking stupid ass cunt . fuck off &amp; stop hate in on peoples pages before i go off on your ugly ass . please bitch what are you going to do nothing . if i were i would get a life 	1
what's your worst habit? wanting to help everyone but myself . 	0
chick? are you a fucking lesbain? no are you 	1
@misfithab tell my apl bull put spread that :-p 	0
:] you are fake though :d ? that makes no sense lollo why would you keep faking all these form springs your stu up id :p we all know the real ashley girls form spring already soo fuck off may you? bitch i a int fake she is 	1
bully breakdown got a girl bully this time . 	0
i want yu 2 deep throat my dik wile i eat ur pussy..and i want that 69 with u doing all ur tricks i wanna finger the pussy and leave u wit hikies.8) ..um stale e ! 	1
would you kiss the last person you talked to on the phone? ew no 	0
what is something fun you use to do with your parents? vacations . 	0
if you were an animal what would you be? eagle 	0
ew you shat public? xd you asked dint you? i was like 12 and you gotta do what you gotta do yo> aha 	0
say your still driving at night and you see a woman on the side of the road screaming for help do you stop? hmm same thing . i would see i guess though 	0
warning --&gt; @illplzyourweave is a big ass (cyber)bully, do not follow him that is all 	1
i feel sorry for rebecca black , not even she deserves to be bullied . 	1
do you think people are addicted to fs? yes . like most webster i think people are addicted to having something to do :) 	0
@cherryxme fine ! but can i please ask u and @grreey to stop bullying me?! ha ! @dearnamay 	1
had its all qu d sorry abou ht the ;hoe; thin q i was mad lol mao ! aha ! nash its my badd;) 	0
if you could have been the author of any book what would it have been? all thee twilight books chu z she got some good mala baby ! 	0
santos denies bullying farmers http://t.co/l6n6mnd @amworldtodaypm lock the gate 	1
@eli_flockajames i can't! i'm not a cyber bully . sad face . lol . 	1
hates intolerance , ignorance & bullying.. 	0
what ring size are you?: r why do you wonder? show your face . 	0
@suparups @pink_face @salmaa1, u need 2 stop butt in in @suparups we find in sum1 random 2 bully , cut we r ultra bored wanna join 	1
bullying climates at schools may be linked with lower test scores http://lat.ms/phekdo 	0
fuck yo shit home ! i will not fuck any shit thank you 	1
what is one silly fact about you? i love being silly 	0
lol :] why are you anonymous? 	0
bullying is my ability . but , gotta hide that from my new school 	1
@justinbieber you will never tweet me stay strong ? :''( bullying killing me so much.. please justin never say never ♥15 	1
rebecca black has been pulled from school & is now being homeschooled , due to relentless bullying . homeschooling http://fb.me/stdupbee 	1
is that a problem? possibly 	0
my nigra that offends me sahara jar it ends in a vowel ahh funk me sideways ! theres tons of people that have names that end in vowels ! 	1
filthy mexican where?! 	1
@cassjoann hahahah xd me faces bullying 	0
@price_21 wwf ! nothing to do with me ! nadir and christian , i was to busy bullying jake :p 	1
where would you most like to live? los angeles ! <33 	0
so a gay guy bullied someone in high school . some how i don't find this at all exciting . we are not all fairies you know 	1
bastard is term of endearment yeh i know that mao 	1
@velourvelvet i'm pretty bothered by it too . i'm also bothered by the fact that draco malloy is bullying apes in the movie too , wtf? 	0
do you have any memories you'd like to forget? actually i do!! just my whole experience with this fake a$$ friend!!</3 	0
favorite sesame street character? elmo . cause he laughs so much =d 	0
spam 4 spam? yup yup 	0
@billionairdream mao fuck u talkin bout i act the same ! u a int never got past my bully exterior 	1
sh shu cola gone just take my earphones.. bully 	1
this right here is cyber bullying at its best :) 	1
are you a trusting person? al read i a nsw rd 	0
i can't stop watching carrie underwood clips!! im listening to cowboy casanova rite now!! :) i am soo excited!! omg im super stoked too chi ky . 	0
how many languages can you fluently speak? one fluently . spanish pe quinta 	0
how do you get cold sores? are they really herpes?r ink . i dont get them . and yes you get them from kissing . saliva or other juices transferring from another person with the infection . they are herpes!! 	0
whats your favorite silly band shape? a dino 	0
if you got arrested for murder whom would you call with your telephone call from prison? and why? timothy . because he would polly be following behind the cop car waiting in the waiting room for me already . 	0
have you ever had head lice? nope 	0
do you dream in color? sometimes . 	0
are you a good painter? i believe so :) 	0
aha i don't judge ! everyone judges . may be not consciously but all humans un consciously judge even its only for a second . :] no worries i say i dont judge either . aha 	0
if i wrote you a love note and made you smile with every word i wrote what would you do? smile sarah and say thank you :) 	0
rebecca black drops out of school due to bullying: .. http://t.co/ztl57n6 	0
lol how cute u have friends that back u up :] does matter . ur still a fake bitch :] go find a real bf . not someone out of ur league . lol ugly ass wow yeah im a fake bitch yu ur thee one e that ss scared d to say y all thi iss shift in my y face.bitchh..!scard too get t fucked d uupp..!?!?! yu rr re all funny skinny ass bitch h 	1
@againstsuicide thanks(: tweet me saying stuff against bullying and how it should stop use stop bullying at the end(: 	0
do you love to party? nash 	0
introducing me i love @justinbieber and @jackvidgen i am pretty average . i got bullied when i was younger but i'm usually happy well i try.. 	1
@jlnchan he's always bullied because of that though . and you'll see that dong woo has a weird like for toys mao 	1
if i could __ then i would . ..be invisible and punch mean people in the back of the head.. 	0
no pee i sure dna bstfrnd:-p hahahaha.. &amp; hmm who said i wn ted too see you? mao . o_o o2 bad you dont t have e a choice e . and d bitch h id gaf ! when n wee go`nn o2 get t tat`dd ? (: 	1
if you joined the circus what act would you most want to perform? the high dive . 	0
:) :)) 	0
you're a bully . in person and online . stop hating . seriously , it gets old . 	1
spam me? (: sure e . spam back please :) 	0
live with both parents ?? no i live on my own :) 	0
your a fake . your a fake for calling the real hailey fake on her form spring . what a lame bitch :) your lame for no leaving your stupid username 	1
do you know a drug addict? yes 	0
do you randomly get raped during math class? lol yes ! yes i freaking do d: 	1
insomnia-p lease let me be,why you being such a bully?i refuse to let you be the boss of me!! downs2nds lee ping pill . 	1
@mraisagbonhi. erm..i'm kinda scared cos @mraisagbonhi is a bully 	1
i don't know you and i've never said ur ugly . please dot comment on my looks . learn how to spell (: 	1
ever looked at a guy and then checked out his package ?? yes . 	0
girls: have you er queen fed while having sex? guys: has your girl queefed? my bros chick did &amp;&amp; he was lhfao!! yes and don't be embarrassed . its very very natural and the my guy likes it :] 	0
i wu nt yo cum on my lips z . oh kay tell mi when nd where 	1
what's on your desktop? form spring . tunes . and fb :] 	0
read my response to "pass this on to ask your followers if you believe bullying is wrong . if not , then i feel sorr…": http://4ms.me/mscy6l 	0
@chynasia_bitch is a cyber bully 	1
i'm only 2 months younger than you . baa y bee 	1
you should ignore all those comments people send to you . everyone knows you don't fake yourself and they just want to be like you . you're very pretty and i know i'm jealous of my cousin :] :o 	0
rsvp here --&gt; (http://t.co/dwty0xf ) - bedroom bully re tweet please 	0
what was your first love like? im still in love with my first love . 	0
if you were stranded in the woods would you want with you a spoon a straw or a spatula? spoon 	0
what's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten? i havent gotten 2 that part!! aha 	0
i usually can stand jim gray but today i was rooting for him to bully that inept ref boxing @antoniotarver 	0
your only in middle school why would going out with 10th &amp;11th high school guys seem like a good idea to you? or anyone in your grade and age group actually . it just doesn&apos;t make sense how that would even work anyways.. im sorry i cant please everybody r :) 	1
if you could bring one character to life from your favorite book who would it be? bfg . 	0
aha you guys are freakss<3 love you both tho :d aha love you too<3 	0
do you watch the gilmore girls? nope but the second to last gilmore girl just died . did ya know that 	0
@_paaodoce bullying no twitter :o 	0
why is there a disclaimer on the allocate auto insurance commercials that says ;not available in all states;? i have no idea . haven't seen the commerical . 	0
who the fuck are you even? a person :) 	1
stress,cyber bullies,crying every night,holding a secret,about to blow = uh oh..that was me 	1
have you ever had a cake fight? nope 	0
best thing that happened to you this summer? :] nothing really 	0
how would you like to die? unexpectedly and when im really old 	0
eat a dick you complain about texas all day shove it it ! you just got told your suck a dick ! so eat one umm your great 	1
**bitch** lol vv . 	1
@kdot_slew2k11 you bully me . 	1
no one shut ever allow their stepson to bully them.. if u scared to speak up go into crazy mode ! 	1
what rock group or star would you like to hang out with? none . aha 	0
what is your shoe size? 7 1/2 	0
what are your plans for the weekend? i'm going to miami :] <3. going to my grandma's 	0
what was the last thing you ate? mac and cheese 	0
@mai_lee @dani_nicole3 ur a cyber bully 	1
@umshafi okay . this is cyber bullying . i will report u to twitter ! aha he's a gr after , i'm more the brains 8-) okay , don't publicise it ! x 	1
ur not even really marred?? that guy is a fag it u 2 r not even go in out?? i dont get the big deal umm? i think im aware that we were really married aha im 14 and its not that big of a deal and if you dont get it your not part of it s soo you dont need to understand :) 	1
what is the most exotic place you have ever been to? hmm..exotic? i think florida doesn't count but that's about as exotic as your go in to get..haha 	0
is it better to get too much or too little sleep? its better for me to get too little . i can get more done ! aha but its healthier to sleep more . 	0
you should listen to the song ;big weenie; by mine (: it describes you so much!! everyone feels this way towards you xd lol are you sure your not describing yourself? 	1
just got bullied by @ambervernea and @curlie_sue22. lol . 	1
@joycheokk @renonathan @ivanleeyk haha!kidding!:p,we never bully one 	1
hayden is a bully . 	1
you are a beautiful girl and i dont think that you should do all the things that you do cause you are fucking up your life ! sorry to say but you should to better with your life then just throw it away.. and what am i doing thats so bad.. 	1
@modu232 sh . i see the cyber bully got his internet cut back on 	1
yuh n33d @ d!(k in y0 m0uth data wat yo mom need bx th ass hoe hoop da uk up off mi ish..nd mum swallow my bullet z hoe !! 	1
you guys have funny answers :] do you read peoples answers to your questions like i do? :d yea lol all the time 	0
im not jewish im catholic so suck a dick no thanks i don't like dick 	1
does the flash on the camera blind you too? not too bad usually 	0
i thi ink its pretty funny that your like ;stfu when you wasted your time writing that?; how about you stu and stop wasting your time replying taxi . how about you just stop leaving stuff on my form spring? aha seriously . 	1
@matt_p_1995 evil you are ! i have been bullied on twitter today ! you should be nice to me ;) x 	1
knock a bitch out and fight not i stay outta drama a . 	1
do you stroke your pussy r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r cat? i think there needs to be some age ratings on these questions . who's with me? 	1
what if i want to ask you something inappropriate? ;) then do it(; 	0
stu you hoe . you piece of shi it . wow i feel insulted 	1
who's your favorite superhero? eh i guess spiderman 	0
have you ever been to south america or africa? no 	0
hi no offence but i kinda think ur a slut and i dont wanna talk shit but ru be honest aha no im not i love how ppl talk so much shit . ive had three boy friends the past two years and im talking to someone right noww.. 	1
remember that girl u fight last year? hmm; may be why? she wants another ass beating? lol pkk 	1
whats one thing you strongly about a male and about a female dis like?? ok im just going to go with dis like may be shady ness trying to be a player..chikies may be their bitchy catty ness 	1
are you still shy to talk about sex?? nope . what'd ya mean still shy? 	0
what will make you nervous faster than anything? being pulled over by the cops . i hate that . 	0
do you own anything leopard print? a thong 	0
beyond scared straight is cracking me up.. there making bullies and thugs not be bad by bullying them and scaring them? ha 	1
what type of weather do you enjoy the the most? summer :] 	0
how many questions are in your inbox? :) about 900 lol i havent been on for a hot second 	0
i hate people who bully others for the fun of it . grow the fuck up and stop spending your daddy's money . 	1
if olive oil comes from olives where does baby oil come from? dunno yo..good question though 	0
is there a person that you ever felt that you actually hated? not really . traits of people that i hate? most defiantly . 	0
my stepdad is trying to bully me into stopping smoking..not gonna happen . 	1
what would you do if somehow you caught a std? i couldnt catch one . 	0
bully-ridden schools have lower test scores: bullying in hallways and locker rooms is linked to lower test score.. http://bit.ly/myysio 	0
are you a cat or dog person? dog defiantly 	0
describe your first real date? hmm..real? i guess it was in 8th grade . my first date movie date with another guy and two other couples . aha if that's what you call 8th traders dating . anyway we all went to see a movie..i dont remember what the movie was but it was all awkwardness and trying to be older than we were . i remember keeping my hand still for the entire movie while he held it and my hand was numb tingling and was trying to go to sleep the entire time . it was ridiculous thinking about it now..hahahha 	0
has anyone told you a secret this week? no secrets for me this week :( 	0
are you and lindsey talking? as friends..but nothing more than that she doesn't like me like that 	0
@catherinebray stop bullying your mum about her gums 	1
hell is my lite skin bully at 	0
http://files.formspring.me/profile/20100511/4bea173ca6455_thumb.jpg stalker r 	0
what do you think was the greatest invention in your lifetime? thee comp? or cell f on ne ! here 	0
@livinlifeiconic yep ! but i'm never for getting this day ! he may think dat he wuzn't cyber bullying but he wuz ! i'm never for getting dat.. 	1
@foxysharingan because he was being cyber bullied hard . 	1
do you prefer regular or chocolate milk? neither . im not a milk fan . 	0
little man starting a new daycare today so i played beans for him so he can be on his broad street bully shit nct 	0
have you ever had a dream (good/bad) that actually came true? nope . but i do dea vu sometimes aha 	0
do you think life is fair? i dont . but what is complaining about it going to do? 	0
(; here that's funny i want to fuck your tight ass :o aha may be i know who you are :d 	1
name 3 thoughts at this exact moment? i need to pee but im too lazy to get up . r i want some more mac and cheese.r i really need to get off fs!! aha 	0
i be watch in these videos where nights be bullying ppl , shit makes me mad as fuck , why cant a nigra ever try me like that? 	1
have you ever scooped in somebody else's medicine cabinet? nash 	0
would you act differently if you were rich? i dont believe so . only that i would help more than i do now . 	0
rebecca black hits up boa , talks bullying: taking a midweek break from her schedule , rebecca black was spotted .. http://bit.ly/ov5fks 	0
3 things that your mom doesn't know about you hmm..she knows a lot . she does know..uhh that ive smoked pot before . that i want to change the world more than what i just say out loud . how much i hate money . 	0
do you like kool-aid? not fruit punch . blah h 	0
i feel bad that greyson got bullied in school to.. but good thing is.. he didn't get bullied that much :) ♥ 	1
dont even try to deny it she can do so much better then you . i just wish she could open those pretty little eyes of hers and see it ! fucking player!! im sure she can 	0
could you visit and comment?/u00bfpodru00edais visitor mi blog? u00bfquu00e9 os parece? http://contandolospetalos.blogspot.com/ . 	0
are you currently wanting any piercing or tattoos? nash 	0
@wolf_quill i've seen a lot of people switch schools because of bullying but i decided i didn't want to be one of them 	1
6th grader:"what do u do w/these girls who think they're better than everyone?" my reply @ education.com http://t.co/wf6ywul bullying 	0
i love e you u alexiss<33r and i hate dominic(: i love you too<3 	1
i don't understand who would bully vinny , he's just so amazing ! d: and flipping adorable ! &lt;3 @vincastronovo 	1
dude you are such a fucked fag get ahahaha ah-ha that's funny you anonymous bitch!! :) 	1
have you ever pretended your crush was with you when they really werent? nope 	0
fuck justin bigger . he's a fucking fag um excuse yuh? he is not!! ur a fucking idiot ! kay? good 	1
hello o ;)<br> hello to you to :) 	0
why are you soo dumb :l mm not t th i dont think k i a mm just t get things a lil late :) 	1
do you think parents are too hard on kids these days? i don't think they're hard enough to be honest . society wouldn't be the way it is if people would make they're kids have morals and standards . aids is spreading at an unbelievable rate these days . just sayin.. 	0
was hop in to why ll w/ my bf 2nite ..but ohh no he in bully..smh ohh ok 	1
you are . get back much fuck a ya'dun know me like that ! 	1
roll @ people saying demi bullied this girl that said her arms looked chunky or something.. she tweeted; 'who cares'. how is that bullying? 	1
are my questions boring? not really . im just trying to get through them 	0
"why smart kids get bullied", a perspective from the other side..the bully: http://ow.ly/5zibg 	0
do you think people end up warped if they are not loved as a child? yes . but we end up warped in the end either way.. 	0
are you vain? no . i tend to feel a self-importance but it's certainly not fake . i don't believe so :] 	0
@sarahpaiinusa the bible? the one with the angry bullying vengeful spiteful child hating woman hating and homophobic god? that bible? 	0
uk you all betches!! if this is arrow you really need to get off my ass ! call me a bitch idc i know i am ! but i think your retarded&amp;&amp; hella ugly!! &amp; dont put a pic of your body only wen you don't got a nice one :d and noah nigra fuck you ! 	1
b!+(h !m@ b3 pump!n d!s$z d!(k !n y0 3@r s0 h@rd dam br uh i bust3d a l0@d 0f cum !n ma m0mmasz ha!r sh3 mo!sturizin it do3. i p!cture y0 va@gin@ t0 be3 all h@!ry n $$h!zz w@!t t!l ! munch on dat n@ppy brown h@!ry h@!t!@n buzz ie hoe ass bx th how bout ya show yo face pussy..nd stop ku ming hidden..so how bout ya uk mi dik nd die slowly 	1
what's the best place near you to get a drink? starbuckks!!(: 	0
ever thought about going to the moon or another planet ?? yes . all the time . 	0
@sonnench leave @ariannyceleste you bully , have you heard your voice? you sound like a drowning cat crying for help l come on son 	1
we''ll have to make room in the book mom gave you!! ha-ha i know!! 	0
@neiltyson @billmaher cool ! n tyson on 2 podcasts not we ! don't let bill bully you , just cut he's got a throne in the middle . 	1
do you hate me or love me? i love to hate you mao 	1
you remind me of dick yay y . <3 	1
but knowing me i bully tru d line to d top,but then it was a dead stop with thousands of ppl,i cunt move 	1
is it true you kissed that ugly cody kid!?! which one.. 	1
ringwood school district adjusting to new anti-bullying policy: new jersey's anti-bullying bill of rights act will.. http://t.co/ipccllx 	0
have you ever spent over an hour thinking about nothing but your crush? in high school may be aha 	0
only english native people ! how does spanish sound to you? like another language..i know some :) 	0
"i want to help with bullying because there are girls who cant just up and home-school and focus on their career." - demi . 	0
one day , our ocs get bullied at school . what's their reaction? @sasunarukawaii @uchimouchi @algarich @harunomizuhime @michiryan 	0
spam for spam? :) sure e :) 	0
@bellathorne143 if i were u i would try to quit bullying too ! :] 	0
rebecca black was bullied so much her mom has her home schooled..smh hahahahaha 	1
@r3al3stof_emall that's gay chill with that before i have to bully you.. 	0
dear haters , you a int funny you are just a hater/bully so shut the fuck up and go to hell . 	0
@jamesgweenwood shock your e bullying me again . 	1
what to snack on at the movie theatres? popcorn!! twizzle . and some mike and likes . 	0
why r u such a bitchh?? i hate u i&39;m gonna kick ur ass whore!! your the bitch for having it on anonymous . do you honestly think i care if your low life ass hates me?? your probably all talk so just shut up now ! 	1
first lady michelle ibama discusses america’s ‘culture of bullying’ http://t.co/yar9459 via @lgbtqnation 	0
do you live in china? nope . ohio :] 	0
do you think gays are more stylish than girls? why or why not? yes i do only because women seem to have lost the want to look good for themselves anymore . so as much as gays sometimes over do it..gays vs girls..gays win 	0
the eagles won't do shit tonight either . but i'm just a big bully . 	1
do you like atlanta ga ? yes i love atl!! great place 2 live wish i lived there ! ;d 	0
what are you planning on buying with your first check? what did you buy with your first check? hmm i dont remember to be honest 	0
how to prevent bullying , cyber threats: school is back in session soon , and some kids are not looking forward to.. http://t.co/sja7enh 	0
@nabihameher the idea of tolerance is long gone.. the new idea is if u want something take it.. even if u have to bully ppl @mahamali05 	0
buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo . shut dup 	1
@dyamondndarough protect me from the bully emma be in the bully protection program they gon change my name and move me to alaska cf upp 	1
do you want me to cave in ;curly tops; head??!?!?!?!?! ba aha ! omg yes please 	1
do you consider yourself an animal lover? not really but i do like animals . just not to make love to them . ha 	0
i didn't like the way the boys bullied that lgb girl on jersey shore last night . 	1
are you loud or quite? i can be both at times . i usually talk to no end . but theres always a time and a place to be social or to j just be quite . 	0
@thezhuhead who call you yesterday bully me ! ask till no saliva you end up go watch c america with others ! 	1
when the bully yelled "eat paste" and you forgot to hear ! 	0
!m@ b3 pu++!n d!$ pu$$zzy 0n y@ $!d3 burn$ !n @ $3c0nd. @l$0 ! d0 d@ b3$+ d33p thr0@+ !n d@ vv0rld. ! c@n $h0v3 13 !nch3$ d0wn m@ +hr0@+ @+ 0nc3. ! @!n+ ly!nq well femme trow mine dna yo tho art nd id nt eat pussy so ya wont be du in dat 	1
hopefully i won't be dreaming about having a gaff with just ex's and peeps who bullied me again 0_0 	1
@huephuong_mcr almost everyone i know has called me ugly . and i've been bullied too 	1
@brandonjcarr yeah . i'm a social disaster . no talking to people . high fives , tweet-bullying and free sketches . thats it . 	1
that wasnt me . why would i say i love you? du use why do you check my page dailyy?r you're creep pyy ! damn go back to your girlfriend d 	1
@azeezah lmao!! babes..you could never bully me..justsaying.. 	1
@callmeegeorge__ is that all you have to say?! -__- bully ! 	1
so like i'm so sick off these girls bullying me , just makes me wish there was no such thing as bullies or school . :( 	1
@chill_yo808 mao you yu was suppose to be here to help me bully them 	0
your fucking ugly . like your mom 	1
@jah2123 you talkin bout knocking heads off man your a bully mao . 	1
watching drill bit taylor @portableshua plays a great bully . 	1
@cherischeris @teb2350 @jillzarinsux that was my cyber bully . 	1
when someone deliberately repeatedly pushes your buttons for their own amusement and tells you you are being sensitive; it's bullying . 	0
@aintdatwaytwice you we're a bully in high school , don't forget to mention lol 	1
what body sprays are better bath &amp; body's or victoria secrets ones? bath and body for sure :) 	0
mao ! if you haven't seen this you totally need to . http://ww.youtube.com/watch?v=tkjyzhzhokm&amp;feature=popular okay y 	0
what do you think about mothers who smoke pot while they are pregnant? i think the same with all substance abuse while mothers are pregnant . it shouldn't be used!! not drinking smoking cigs pot coke shooting up blah h tee blahh..its all the same . dont do it . i think its very immature selfish and uncaring for the unborn . they have no choice but to rely on the mother . no choice . so as a mother you should make the right choice for them . 	0
do you think your photogenic? sometimes :] 	0
mum on den wit dat big dick yew gotta tell mi wea ta mum at 	1
all the jeff fans..did you see how dickhead jeff was pulling shelly in the kitchen? he only bucks to women..womanhater cbs big brother 	1
what was your last wish for? my life to get back on track . .. oops i told . does that mean it wont come true? 	0
@catsgotswag got people bully me . :( 	1
who is hating on you i'll f*ck them up into next week ! haters make me feel important because is my life and they care about my life ;d 	1
i&apos;m going to poke your eyeballs out .. do you want to know why ?? .. too bad i&apos;m not telling you :p .. mao u need anger management classes my lady :d i tell u that err night u go to pick up a shoe throw rocks and pots and pans mao *hides* u violent lol 	1
is there such thing in life as a selfless sacrafice? yes ! people just dont know what it is . 	0
u32e1what impossible things did you believe today before breakfast? turning into a dragonfly and flying around the world . r the sun coming out and shining sparkle onto everyone face.r the entire society except kindness and show it throughout.r all sugar turned to water.r every little hair on my body wiggling around dancing to the funky chicken . 	0
do you also like diary of a wimpy kid?? aha my brother does ! i think its funny 	0
i am not a baby you jerk off ! hahahah jerk off xd but yes yes u are ! 	1
@pookie21bear u a bully!! 	1
shelly weak af.. who of is grown and bully ppl?? 	1
wheniwas13 it was the last year i got bullied for being fat ! now look at me . :p 	1
big brother is pissing me off . i hate seeing people being bullied who don't deserve . pet reeve 	1
chocolate or vanilla? vanilla . 	0
you look bulimic your skinny . but thats okay because you got big jugs and your hot . stu 	1
and why would you fight for her just as ken because she is an amazing person and i hope that she would agree with me when i say we're ;close friends;.. 	0
do you have a fetish? not really 	0
asshole ?? 	1
as quoted in the dark knight "some men can't be reasoned , bought or bullied , all they want to do is watch the world burn" mental wrecks 	0
would you rather get up early or sleep late? sleep late!!duh! 	0
nico martinez why are you u so hott!? sahara aha im not sure its just natural ;) 	0
@north_sew i'm not a bully , lol i'm always nice :* 	1
do you own a striped sweater? i may 	0
watching drill bit taylor :p is it bad that i think the bully is hot xd 	1
do you have any piercings? y uppers ! nose and cartilage piercings(; 	0
did you know that you remind me of an old man? once e again no pee i did not butt like i said thanks for im forming me :) 	1
would you rather work at a large company or a small one? none ! aha 	0
bullying http://t.co/sbhjdut via @youtube 	0
@smoshanthony if you were invisible and you saw the bully at your old high school , what would you do? lunchtime 	0
what is your best friend's mom's name? jennifer 	0
why is it when something doesn't work we have this urge to physically abuse it? control issues i guess 	0
when i first met @kisameryoma he bullied me for being a ringer :( look 	1
lol ss in noo yew do n girl shut up yew anonymous im through argue re in q wit yew lol wow 	1
do you take your daily vitamins? yes :] 	0
what tv show do you wish would go off the air for good? the hills ! chu z lauren was thee whole point it was cll d thee hills and there is 2much drama ! b hut i still etc h it chu z i love 2 laugh at thee dumb shit ! spencer is a prick btw!;0 	0
what do you question the most in life? our reason for existence 	0
att ladies ! if your agent is bullying you stand up 4 ourself ! they make money off you not the other way around ! were gonna shake things up ! 	0
member all those needy kids that you bullied in grade school? they are the exact same people you'll be working for 	0
of course i got bullied . everyone got bullied ! did you get bullied? you know because you got punched in the head . 	1
my goodness this kids driving me crazy,i have a bully in a pamper over here and he don't play!! lamb o @paperboi3297 come get your baby!! lol 	1
favorite color? purple . always 	0
favorite song? if you wanna be my lover by spice girls :] 	0
okay that's all for a little bit . i've been having some trouble with people not wanting questions and being bitchy about it . if you don't want any further questions please message me in my into and you will be removed without a fight . thanks guys ! :) yep yep 	0
how many true best friends do you have? may be 2 	0
wow . this is a joke . "no submission is unposted" even if it's complete cyber-bullying? aha alright . 	0
good . i'm gonna cut myself 	1
what would you do if i had sex with your leg? o_o i would love it? 	1
@imkidrauhl_ haters gonna hate because they are jealous ! i get bullied & i know how it feels but please put a smile on your face?:) &lt;3 	1
i would watch out for rachel just sayinn&apos; she is a fake person.. mk cool . 	1
if u live forever wat do u live for?? idkk!!god?! not under stand in this ? sorry its like 3am hah 	0
does it bother you when people try to make you jealous? yes . only because it's petty high school crap thats annoying and not needed . aha 	0
@ryanbyrd @arkychicky may be "bullying" is a better word than "internet rape"? 	0
hello . my friend is also named april . nice e ! 	0
@bellathorne143 i love how much confidence you have . i don't have any because i feel like such a loser when ever i get bullied in school . 	1
idealist or realist? idealist :] 	0
i get called bully all day , but the real harassed get a pass from ppl who don't want to speak ill of any1 w/ a nose up their ass . 	1
how have your past couple days been? they've been good :) 	0
wow noah 	0
what year do you or did you graduate high school? 2007 	0
what's the worst thing about where you live? only one car.. :( boo 	0
did you believe in the tooth fairy? yes hh :) 	0
describe your perfect day sunshine . lots of food and hanging with my boyfriend and family :]r awesomeness . 	0
this lit tel chicks trying to bully me lol 	1
okay i am done for right now . i can smell brains frying all the way from here . ask me stuff? <3 thank you . aha okay ! :0 	0
when you packing your stuff to leave and go somewhere for a while what is the first thing you make sure you have? enough undies!! :) 	0
hi you're ashley and you're not 16 and you're ugly as hell so beware bye ;) if i were you i wouldn't be talking beth (: 	1
what was the worst advice you've ever received? this person actually told me this ;fried; i had was not a true friend and she wants me 2 still be this person's friend ! thats a no no ! 	0
this is a place for questions try asking some.r will you do me?r what color of condom?r kidding . but really . screw you.r and stop testing me.r and probably go fall down some stairs . 	1
have you ever experienced feeling the urge to fart inside the elevator? tell me what happen . =) not to my recollection . hahahaha but that'd be funny . 	0
do you have twitter? =) nope . i used to but then i deleted it because i liked form spring more and didn't have many followers on it . 	0
i'm far from a bully but i ain't no punk 	1
@betweenthelimes wish my grandparents could have afforded to by me cool things to take care of my bullying probs in k-12. 	1
hello bitch ! how's ur day going? good i hope :) it's beautiful and sunny ! ohh hey bitchh!! its go in good..:d the 4 a skin 	0
i'm bout to spark my j fuck crying i'm over the bull shit 	0
how long have you dated your boyfriend for and where did you meet? we've been together for a year in march . and met at a party how ironic . 	0
who's the most talented person you know? uhm (: 	0
@dahyun_kyuhyun it was embarrassing tho cause my bro's friends are over :s t_t i wont bully kyu hymn anymore ! wait i will but only for to mo ! 	1
np bully - three days grace ♥ 	0
what bothers you the most about society? how people are endlessly cruel to one another 	0
where you from?? ohio usa 	0
are you sick of hearing about michael jackson yet? aha i don't really hear much about him anymore . but i respect him as an artist . a person he may have been a little off his rocker but as an artist . mass respect :] 	0
so you and mr . big forehead are dating now huh? yes whats it to you 	1
mao . room f remembered me from when i stayed out ov and said i was a bully ! i dont recall .. mao . 	1
dubs bullying tyrone can o'sullivan as sweeper having a stormer connolly untouchable gaa 	1
i just wish a lion would burst into this office and then i tamed the lion and then rode it , and everyone would cheer and stop bullying me . 	1
since you asked me so many questions i figured i'd ask you one..favorite song favorite movie favorite place to visit this years love-david gray/r sweet november/r destiny beach in florida/ 	0
what colour is your bedroom? its not my bedroom . but tan . blah h 	0
is someone on your mind right now? not really 	0
nigra h is z yuh circus sized mum uk bx th 	1
just stuff . i can handle it emma big girl dont tripp . alright t 	0
i think te uk went to hit someone because someone was bullying donghae? then when they went back , manager-hyun… (cont) http://t.co/9otxplm 	0
if any of you want me to quit slamming me please let me know . i am not here to bother any of you . k thanks ! <3 :] your fine . 	0
@andyeaston85 love how we are teaching the bulls hitters a lesson in football . miss bully and his message board posts . 	1
do peoples words bother you? sometimes when there trying to be gangs or ignorant 	0
@akalionrule so what is the answer? let people be bullied out of their own country by the self professed chosen ones (jews) 	0
@magootora school is great (hawk teachers keep in dat bully away and all) i couldn't ever be mad at you , so other . 	1
@mrmaxadler got any wisdom for my fantasy football team , named the bully whips? 	0
frances laura senegal is up guy y . no frances laura senegal is gorgeous . she's absolutely one of the most beautiful girls i've ever seen . 	0
ohh look the girl who fakes herself.. i only faked myself once ! 	1
have you ever seen someone who you knew had herpes? what was your reaction? yes i have . i know two people . and my reaction was dang that sucks . i guess that s what you get for sleeping aroundhuh? 	0
damn all these ppl hat in and shit on my baby laura<3. all need to get a fucking life or kill yo self fool ! ill babe<33 	1
dud de ma fu uk you til you bleed:) aha sorry i'm not into that sort of thing 	1
ha yeah cleveland rocks ! where was your first kiss? 8th grade . friday night football game with the first guy i ever liked . aha 	0
@xlilstarx @alexisjordan i'd say pro-labor as they call themselves engender the most bullying as they're weak & bully the people themselves . 	1
@daviscleveland can you please please please follow me because i was cyber bullied today 	1
wat state do u live in? texas!!&amp;yuh hun?! box 	0
have you locked yourself out of you house? not yet only my car 	0
do you think people really just to be understood by one another and accepted? yes 	0
(: ;( 	0
new music ca$h feat . dan man tha bully - "throw it up" - http://twitrax.com/s/omehf4 	0
if you had to give up one favorite food what would the most difficult? chocolate; 	0
how many of you like twilight series? i like em for what they are . 	0
i strongly dislike people who think they can bully people just because they are different . 	0
@mynameisjonnii don't hate , you always used to make fun.. now they finally look full and you're making fun? you're a damn bully . 	1
how long does it take to get over a ;bad; relationship? (bad does not imply violent) hmm..not too long i would think..especially if it was bad . 	0
yeah go ahead and play victim i do know you nico . thats how i know your a player . fuck you bitch if you did know me then you would know that lindsey and haley both played me so shut your mouth 	1
bully tools heavy duty 4-inch scraper with d-grip fibreglass handle 7-guage steel blade $10.75 free super saver .. http://bit.ly/phib1g 	0
how often do you really ;go out;? not often . aha 	0
why don't u answer ur phone? ink dude . why do you call so much aha 	0
@tinabopeep lol . stop being a bully 	1
okay i added some people who want sexual spam i dont do that over mass spam . if you want sexual spam ask me to spam you individually and i will(: thank you ! skies 	1
@locko8668 never saw the bb cameron was in . she was the best of a bad bunch and nearly last standing , couldnt let bully boy rex win 	1
fuck the makers ! go cele tics noo ! fuck you &amp;your celetics(: 	1
@ahpilot i feel a bit over overwhelm with the military community response on here despite i've no connection.i glad no one with bully me now 	0
in your eyes what drives people to use drugs? gotta take for something else they dont have or want 	0
@kingretro i dont have "asbergers" you moron,get facts right before you accuse people.the only creepy asshole is you.stop bullying people . 	1
i wish the whole bulling-everything-that-breathes fad would go out tho real talk 	0
@whocares109 u r horrible and sick in the head . stop bullying @pariisjaxn u r such a classless ignorant moron . (cont) http://tl.gd/c7891r 	1
how would you describe your personality? hmm..personal? root word.. lol umm probss.. bubbly nice honest(sumtyms) 	0
and to hate on me for a stupid reason well your really low!! so hope you realize your wrong ! and who every was a bully is fake ! 	0
do you missed formspring? =) i did . but now im over wel med with questions sarah thanks to you ! :] 	0
@kmaddock_ i think k maddock you 'may' feel you have been bullied and are preferring attention of this sooner than going to a court 	1
@chellssogutta aha , what? you got a bullying? 	0
@jakethebakerbb i said because he was bullied but he was bullied after he started cutting himself of that reason which i will only say in dm 	1
@itsseanmcclam lol.. you bully :( 	1
@rnyblacksmile but kyu hymn said like that minnie !! your fans bullying him !! sahara 	1
@lfckeith @thekiddon @oscartheblue @kayrandles ur all wrong candles is off monsters inc ! boss film ! now leave kay alone ya big bully ! xx 	1
omg justin bieber!! :) aha . omg!! ahh!! where he go? damn it he just fell off my window six ! aha uk ! 	0
i am going to be off here for a few days cause of family and other reasons . leave me stuff . i will return it . once again if you don't want to be slammed just tell me . thanks . kk 	0
does it bother you that travesty imi tate your favorite singers? huh 	0
i'm such a bully .. * 	1
if you won a million dollars what would you do with it? ur mom 	1
tehachapi unified school district makes major policy changes . seth walsh bullying education http://ow.ly/64c2o 	0
what others do you have? others what? 	0
have you ever locked yourself out of a car? many times aha 	0
what do you wear when you want to be the most comfortable? the most comfortable.. my birthday suit :] aha 	0
do you have any favorite couture star? i have 2 actually ! justin bigger (ofcourse) &amp;&amp; scipio monday i ! 	0
cats or dogs? dogs ! im allergic 2 cats= 	0
do you believe sometimes in life you have to be selfish? no . 	0
what would the worse prank ever be? i think the death jokes are worse . 	0
what religion are you if you are one? baptist but im solo currently with the whole not going to church and all . i hate the over wel ming feeling of having to go to church for the preacher not the reason..god. its whatever though . 	0
f u http://ww.youtube.com/watch?v=w_rapoovx1y&amp;feature=related 	1
if you had to perform at the circus what trick would you do? read between these three fin gas ! aha 	0
@ezhenkhjen wa lao you see la , you bad friend , bully again :( :( :( i am l or , don't deny the truth ! 	1
why do guys tend to ask for dirty questions? aha because we are horn dogs . lol 	1
@bowya this was very much an exception for a "troubled" girl said to have been bullied into her part in the looting 	1
i heard you raped all layla s cat then you killed and a et them for dinner is this ture?? lol check your spelling fool aha and while that is debatable..yes..lily was the best . 	1
fu(k m3 !n dh@ a$$h0l3 hell no !! 	1
@sarahhamill_ cut they get bullied more than me and i dont think its right1 so we r rebelling against those 'popular kids' 	1
sleep in around is for whores . lol exactly y . so can you guess what im not? xd 	1
we have all had teachers in our life . what is the weirdest thing you have ever seen a teacher do? you can share a story or just leave a one word reply like most people do mao . i had sex with one of my teachers . that was weird for me 	1
this show bully breakdown is kind of funny . hulu+ 	0
@kiidsmashh your a bully to me :c ;b 	1
when does school start for you? mine starts aug . 19th ;/ september 7th 	0
what is the first thing you would buy if you hit the lottery? hmm..depended on how much and where i was at the time . but if it happened now and where im at in my life currently i would buy a used car for my bf and then pay the rest of rent off for the year . sahara 	0
camping with a ton of friends or hotel with a few friends? camping!! :] 	0
les im out she a int rocking thats wat im talkin bout bully 	0
what's the most spontaneous thing you've ever done? quit my job of a year and half at roger to go on a girls vacation after i graduated to panama city fl . :) i did it in two days and took the money i had to go have fun 	0
what's your favorite kind of cookie? vanilla version of the ore :] 	0
i'm done..i'm being judged too much by this bully this morning 	1
you dont even fucking have fakes stop the fucking bullshit and get a life jesus s . how old are you kid? lifeless bitch you need help . yes i do 	1
what webster do you spend the most time on? space 	0
when you were little did you ever go ahh in front of the fan? yup sure did 	0
"courage is fire , and bullying is smoke". benjamin disraeli knew his stuff . 	0
mao «@aintdatwaytwice @marleymeks said i was a bully in high school lol like she wasnt slanging packs & hugging aim4peace» 	1
hi ass lee asshole :d hi anonymous 	1
what do you think about people who dip? like chewing tab zacco ew we yy . 	0
do you think we are raising the next generation right? not at all . 	0
im not the one who said sex t me but i was the one joking about the inappropriate messages . who do you think i am? :) you honestly want me to guess? you could be anyone in the whole world ! sahara 	0
@chijy025 dont bully me on twitter :( i proffered it on facebook.. js . 	1
did timmy have fun? he says he did :] aha 	0
do you like hot or cold showers? hot but sometimes i like cold . depends on the mood i guess 	0
your background stupid too like your face 	1
why people always try nah bully me ? 	1
what's up? what? who is this? 	0
have you ever been bitten by a dog? nope . i love doggies 	0
i am done slamming for now . i am going to get a shower and relax for a bit i will spam more tonight ! <3 y as ! spam ya ma'am 	0
spontaneity or stability? ponta e it . sahara even though i wish i could say stability . 	0
aha i know i tried to make it really obvious for you u lol [[: i appreciate the help ;)) 	0
hanna next year?? lol defiantly :] cant waitt!! 	0
name something you bought on your last trip to the store . orange juice 	0
dha run ravi wants the tyler clementi case to be dismissed . http://t.co/2bleh1v lgb bullying hate crime 	0
saw that mirror article . 1. never take advice about what good tv is from a paper that thinks cab is quality . 2. it was mindless bullying . 	0
you are such a faggot for going to edc god damn it . almost as much of a bitch as that but no where near zach at least . but i love you 	1
bullying linked to decreases in gpa , longer lasting negative psychological effects , and obesity . more evidence.. http://t.co/ucdxycj 	0
if you could be on one tv show which one would it be? keeping up with the far dash ian ! or kenya ! my fav shows atm!:d 	0
hey you're an amazing nice and sweet girl..pretty too ! awwhh!!thank yuh jacob ur really nice!! might be my new best ie <33 thank yuh so much ! 	0
do you think it s sassy when people of the opposite sex swear every once in a while when they usually don't?: i guess.. 	0
@rmcilroygirl aww that's really sad well at least the bullying has stopped for you , just stand up for what is right!, yea i hate it (c) 	1
do you go to church regularly? not currently . used to.. 	0
i feel like internet bullying via twitter..point em out 	0
i was looking for my questions on your page and i was like browsing forever ! aha you really have a lot of slammers xd yeah i know sahara . they just pop up out of nowhere ! :p 	0
-ilovee you u bestfranhdd(: had guess whoo.. i love e mary y ros see hickkss!! lol ! 	0
ha appy birth da ay bully @mackinxstackin :) ! 	1
hehehehe(: shut dup fool i'll beat you up 	1
so where are you located and what is it like there? :) ohio usa . and its pretty rad :] 	0
what's your fav color? pink&amp;neon green!yeahh buddie 	0
"@sweetie_niesha: so im getting bullied via twitter by @thevicsmith 	1
what colour are you nails right now? nothing . toes are pink tho :] 	0
that's all for tonight . i'll try and ask more tomorrow if i can find the time . have a good night . okay do kay . 	0
i have so much hate for people in my school . why cant i just be loving . i hope that anyone who ever bullied me gets it back . 	1
no . i hate taylor she used to b fire until she dyed her hair okay i dont really give a shit so find something better to do than criticize me . 	1
where are you from the ? where am i from? ohio in the united states . i was born in louisiana . 	0
did you remember to get those rings and earrings off my dresser?? :) yes ma'am :] thank you lady . 	0
have you ever played candy man? whats candyman? ha-ha 	0
aha ok if you don't mind me asking how would you kill me? 	0
do you really truly miss someone right now? not really 	0
why did kelly attack brie? first she attacks from behind , now she attacks unprovoked ! she's a bigger bully than the divas of destruction ! 	1
what amazes you the most? how crude people are . all people . 	0
http://t.co/nbbzdxf please help to stop workplace bullying 	0
@mindgrowth &lt; biggest bully alive .. :( 	1
@yohoelikesmetho lol you're a bully 	1
im better t than you u :) aha shut up anthony you suck . 	1
what was the last movie you watched? shutter island 	0
have i asked enough questions or do you want more? enough for now . im still trying to catch up 	0
girlfriend bullied me the whole day . 	1
why do people fear for no reason in your opinion? excuse to stand out about something 	0
@tearsellingboy im sorry will u stop bullying me now im having a heart attack ! 	1
what reality show do you wish you could be part of? hmm dont . i think reality tv should be banned aha 	0
new music so uf side shaw t - bedroom bully ft . jay the an and mr.montgemory - http://t.co/2xnqj45 	0
do you believe in fate? no . only because if it were up to fate then no one truly has any choices in life . and well i don't like to be told what to do . i like making my own mind up ! :] 	0
bitch h just hope off her shift mh kay y ?? cu hss yes you h did ask her an a hole bunch off tha ppl too b hee your friend . no one wanna b hee fri ens with t a pussy ass hoe ; so try y some were else . try y mi hh daw q . come on mah h mucha fu hk inn forms pain q dare you lol love yu alanii.;] 	1
my leg healed for a few seconds..it didn't hurt what so ever.. is it because of @d3v1lboyzz magical power? may be i should bully u more.. 	1
cyber bullying: out you go ! | malay mail online http://bit.ly/nsyk0v 	0
say say say __? finish the verse say my name . say my name..haha 	0
i thought about how my mother fed me with a tiny spoon and fork so i wonder what chinese mothers use? toothpicks? hah sahara 	0
@twitter you wanna know what's happening? idea is getting bullied by england third test 	0
@susansaundersjz @klout must be cyber bully ! just like jill marin 	1
spam me ill return the favor : ) for whizz lady . :] 	0
im 21 and i bully people ! nice e . 	1
what do you like to do on hot days? lay out and swim :) 	0
both my friends got re tweet by @richardwisker4 ma cry & cry forever their bullying me now :( so hope he re tweet this swag 	1
its not a big deal i dont want people to harass you though :( 	0
summer memories @odhiipower mom bullying me ;,/ 	1
your so hot you give me wood d well dont talk to me please may be go fall down a couple stairs 	1
favorite color? purple . not lavender . eu kk . deep dark sensational violet :) 	0
are you a tease? i am aha :) yes again 	0
@slipperywhnwhet almost makes me want to cyber bully that person off twitter but he'd just come back with a new name & an old bag of tricks . 	1
i used to bully @thatkidsonya so much in class mao she kept me laughing for days s ! 	1
is ibama the president the we all ever wished for? no not at all.i dont people thought when they went to vote this past year . 	0
my brother's such a bully , he always has a go at me for not talking to family , it's his fault he nevers let me get a word in edge ways and 	1
@douglasbot @jez_tuya my big stick ! i'm not much for arts , i prefer a game of football or rugby , but your arts are solid . keep being bully!! 	0
do you eat breakfast daily? i try to 	0
sa should start a show like bully breakdown , but with taxi drivers . after their breakdown they apologise & hand over their fares for the month 	0
favorite song you outta know by alans morrissette ;] 	0
@jessmenikefs @colintheriault7 stop bullying my friend 	1
on this we morning "total dissolved solids" in we water; former olympian vicky bullett; gay bashing , bullying in novel 7:30 on we pub radio 	0
how would you talk someone out of suicide? very carefully . i would honestly like to do that as a career . 	0
hi my name is nico and im a total studd ;d u2665 why thank you<3 i'd like to be your stud ;d 	0
if you could rid the world of one thing what would it be? hoe-ishness! lol um prob . stupid bitches and sin ! i just sinned!oppzz 	0
how old are you? does it matter 	0
rebecca black left school because of bullying: by billboard staff | august 11, 2011 9:33 edt you.. http://bit.ly/p9wgvx 	0
@plumsofdoom he was just unfairly antagonized by that bully barton that i wanted on our team ! basta d that one ! lol 	1
what if i said i wanted to ;rock your body;? i would say ok? 	0
i hate ur fucking guts . u &amp; lindsey? grossest thing ive ever seen aha there's nothing special between us so shut your mouth..and she's better than you depending on if you're a girl or not aha 	1
keratin is being a food bully . 	1
what around you could be used as a weapon? a boa knife by the bed . a in thick lead pipe under my end table and i guess anything thats around..my laptop cords to strangle or we have wood chisels that would take out an eye lol 	0
what was your childhood nickname? t tosh and thats it i think lol miss attitude . 	0
is your brother okay now?? yep so far :]r he was diagnosed when he was 2 and he's 8 now . so usually if the cancer is going to occur it does between 4-6 but we don't want to get cocky . the oldest person with his type of cancer has only lived to be 22. its kind of scary.. but thanks for asking ! :] he's doing great now . 	0
a c t u a l l y;;i do want himm<33 [: so you can hush that ! [: good cause i want you too ;)) <3 	0
do you own any game consoles? nope . i like games but i dont own any of my own . usually don't have time for them 	0
why do u like lil kids like justin beiber? umm.. he has a biggs heart than you will ever have so before you start to hate on a 16yr old that you obviously are addicted to get your facts straight kay? 	0
have you ever fallen backwards on a chair? not to my recollection . but funny you ask because my brother just did that and busted our neighbors chair at my sisters grand party this past sunday . it was hilarious!! 	0
@bbcsportsound he isn't talking nonsense jim . you know exactly what he is talking about , bullying takes many forms as you should know . 	1
do you have any fun summer plans? not really . i wanna go back to gatliburg..i gotta necklace from one of the gem places up in the mountains and the head on the necklace broke . so i wanna get it fixed . :] aha but other than that . the beach would be nice but were trying to get a house around here so ink if money will work . 	0
i a int no bully ! you was talking reckless so i was ready to give you them hands!! 	1
your such a slut!! vv umm ok kay y thankss_(: 	0
if i spam you? will you spam me :) u2665 of course ! :] 	0
aha me too aha iloveyouutoobabyy<3;d iloveyoumorebabygirl<3 (; 	0
ever dyed your hair? if so how many times? never 	0
@kiaranicoleex3 stop cyber bullying me bye 	1
if you had the choice to see the future would you? never . 	0
mas recap : cb was flying , whitney was crying , jessie was limping , neyo&pitbull were ..lets grab somebody sexy and tell'em, & b was on top . 	0
which is your favorite day of the week? why? thursday . its always overlooked . ah-ha 	0
if you could change one thing in the world what would it be? kindness through all humanity . 	0
@scatch21 @briannufc aha s catch just say in bullied ufc football 	0
@taylordriftaway i can bully u around since you are a freshman and i am not ! 	1
do you like skittles? love them :] 	0
@ulove_somertime mao r u kidding me bully..!iused to shower u wit love ! 	1
if i was a bully an went to bully beat down when i come back i will still bully y hur ass 	0
cool riddle e ! :dr did you goggles it to find it or..? :) yes . aha 	0
seriously what did parents do with those teeth we lost? lost in the bed sheets yo 	0
i want a blow job alright?.. 	1
frejji r state's case looking wobbly . credibility issues with main witness urologist marian tups who now claims he was bullied by state . mw 	1
bitches practically bullied me into going out tonight , good thing i get paid at midnight :p loose 	0
iz y yo cum real ie gray?? umm wtf? 	1
if you can be in a fairytale.. what story would you choose to be in?why? pocahontas . :] im the one that doesn't do whats in the book and travels outside of the comforts to explore and see the new land . a leader and wanderer..faith in finding your own way . 	0
@kieran_yates i know - so cute . love the way he spineless ly dives in to being a bully to win the girl ! 	0
@daeesterr_ lm boo bully!! 	1
@clio_the_leo and a week is a long time for jeff to work his bully magic . i predict adam leaving this week if she takes the deal bb13 	1
your not fucking pretty stop hating on grace and all these pretty girls your just jealous . omg why would i wanna be jealous of them? 	1
hi hey 	0
stop bullying bullying really needs to end 	0
shame mom z bestie's son has man boobs . says hz being bullied at school become of hz w8 :( :( poor thing 	1
also the video about turd is was in direct response to him abusing and bullying a(@youtube http://youtu.be/3kazywnmaui?a) 	1
so today in my teen leadership class , this girl started crying cut she's getting bullied . she almost took her life . words hurt stop bullying 	1
are yu shy when yu first meet people or are yu the one who always sparks up the conversation ? it really depends on my mood and the type of people im around . im very good at starting conversations but if im around someone else thats doing a lot of talking i may just be a bit backwards cause i don't like to steal the light :) 	0
@djlogansama u lot should be bullying that league man . 	0
have any favourite quotes? to nss 	0
you see three teenagers making fun of a mentally handicapped man in the street . what would you do? if i was there i'd kick some ass . -.- kick some ass 	1
@nike_kidd mao na even when im nic you till a bully 	0
would a fly without wings be called a walk? hahahah ink . 	0
@lucy_robbo yes on thur , she said she might , we'll bully in revs . i dunno i have no friends sahara 	0
@baseballswagger :'( tk's such a bully.. 	1
how well do you handle rejection? i dont handle it 	0
@bellathorne143 i herd that you got bullied when you was 6 years old and i feel bad,are you ok 	1
have you ever played a game that required the removal of clothing?: nope 	0
this nigra @adonis_abstract just tried to bully me for my much mango arizona 	1
tcr says she cheated cut she was bullied by admin - http://ow.ly/1vouaw - i hear her saying testing is not long . ed chat ed reform 	1
why do people get smart attitudes for no reason? i think there are always reasons . of course ;] 	0
ew vv i don't know which question you're pointing at asshole . 	1
have you ever ran over a animal? what was your reaction? yes . raccoon . and i freaked . it was coming onto the expressway . only thing ive ever hit and plan on hitting . aha 	0
what annoys you most about living at home with your family? i live with my boyfriends family and i think that explains it enough 	0
70. i used to be bullied badly at school 100factsaboutme 	1
@ravendelmuerto about u being bullied: whos doing it??!! i will kick their asses with my emo boot z ! &gt;:p ur my gothic sister&lt;3 	1
@loccdogg first i a int big for no reason . second i don't bully no body third i beat ass cause i know how 2 fight .. http://t.co/3begzix 	1
if i had i a lot of $$ i would probably __. help a lot of people in need . 	0
phat sad lonely is how @reverunwisdom feels most of the time so he gets his kicks on here by bullying then uses his power offline 2pay fl ks 	0
your lame ass . o piously i love you hh more . (; ur extra extra lame and in correct its more obvious i love alan i more ! 	1
"never be bullied into silence . never allow yourself to be made a victim . accept no one’s definition of.." http://t.co/hfvw8mv 	0
you're mean . okay 	1
tell me 5 facts about yourself my middle name is haejin.r i like to think everyone should be nice to everyone . r i have two chicken pox scars on my shoulder &amp; one on my finger.r personally bubble bubble gum sucks . r i enjoy painting.r i could rollerblade 5 miles a day and still never get tired of it :) 	0
top 5 expert tips to end teen bullying from dr . jane dietz ~ what to do if your kid is a vi.. http://t.co/oumg1p0 via @mommyltloriley 	0
ask me a question? (:(:(: okay you rape mine i'll rape yours aha ;) 	1
if you could only read one magazine for the rest of your life which would it be? m mag i love it ! 	0
@piratesswoop would you bully the son of the man who defeated the dark lord?! (unless you were his older brother!) methinks he'll be ok ;-) 	1
@hafejee7 we all dna need to know how u feel after a massage either on fb but we still have to read that lv @princessmunira alone!! bully 	1
@__alexithymia who's the kid?! i'm the kid bully hahahaha 	1
what's the best place near you to get some ice cream? hmm..u makin me hungry first of all ! &amp;&amp; dairy queen ! yumm!! 	0
:ccr no sarah ur lame ! ]: 	1
13?r you're at the perfect age to learn how to suck dick and give hand jobs . sicko 	1
@ritaslo @hrzebari @brendaasmar mao o you are such a bully ! 	1
sh ain't even gone reply to this madness a cyber bullying ! 	1
what is your best birthday memory? my 17th. my family went to florida disney world for a week and on the way back they took me to the beach its what i wanted . i was sick the last 3 days and the entire way home . it was great . 	0
in the saga of the bullies: no , i won't allow your kid to bully mine in the grocery store while you watch . mama bear 	1
sup? :] well..currently its 6:54 am . my love just left for work and im on form spring answering my 38 questions . thank you . aha sup with you? :] 	0
aha loser r (: im not a loser r xd and damn people are nasty they should learn how to speak properly to a beautiful young lady such as yourself <3 	0
um da girl dat hangs wit evelyn her name is katiana..cause i always be hearing u talk about her do u like her? wwf get a life i dna even noe herr like wwf ur annoying.!! damn bitch hop off.;] by ee 	1
is using a inhaler a sign of weakness? nash . you cant help your lungs are only as strong as god made them 	0
o mmf ! om q m@ b@3! d!$ $h!+ cr@zy ! n33d yo d!ck mhm oh kay 	1
maria is a little bully.. http://myloc.me/mcj1w 	1
@iadoreparkertw @jizstik_nath_tw pff t im getting bullied on birthday ;) lol cx 	1
does anyone call you babe? my baby . timothy :] 	0
do you take any dare? dare me :) 	0
every time i go into my inventory it seems i have under 20 bullets total spread across 4 guns . dx hr 	0
why are e you u such h aa faggott(: ahahaha i noo 	1
your my bitch and ill kill you nigra how bout you suck my dick? 	1
dido got bullied as a kid for being called florian cloud de bou levi alle armstrong . what the hell?! that is an amazing name ! 	1
do you have a twitching problem?: no? aha show your face 	0
the bully the got has been waiting for http://t.co/zbpcoqv pointy boots 4jobs 2futures you cut p2 t cot 	0
so what do you think will last ;until the end of time;? greed . 	0
dear hair , now ur just being a bully ! leave my face alone ! 	0
girls; have you ever had an accident while on the rag? boys; have you ever peed outside the toilet? (yuck) nope . ive been lucky 	0
naw nee naw nee n aww nee samantha you whore 	1
what is your favorite kind of potato chip? grip pos :) they are the bomb dig i etc . 	0
what does lol mean? laugh out loud 	0
top 5 hottest men? tim.&amp; i dont think men are hot . 	0
adolf hitler was a one testicle d vegetarian . what did you do with his other testicle? threw it at his nazi regime . 	0
have you ever stolen a street sign before? not my style . 	0
@hana24klove it's been a very y long time i haven't bully danny tt^tt danny: st fo girl *smacks* maya: *cries* t__t 	1
have you ever cheated during a game? during a game? i think may be during heads up seven up . aha i used to watch peoples shoes . 	0
what time do you have to wake up tomorrow? its sunday so i can sleep in :) 	0
bullying chinese editorial certain to start off relationship with new japanese pm nod on wrong foot . http://j.mp/ofe4hk 	0
have you ever thought that you are and angel in disguise to someone? weird you say that . my boyfriend says that all the time . im his angel in disguise aha . ink thou sometimes..angels are perfection and im far from that.. 	0
@ddlovato i am getting bullied in school..what sold i do? 	1
how do you think the ibama administration is doing so far? lucky 	0
do you consider yourself a good dancer? sahara bitch i bring it mao ! kinda i think mao ! i he some black in me so yes aha 	0
have you ever eaten chocolate in bed? i dont do chocolate much 	0
workplace becomes new schoolyard for bullies: bullying can be just as big a problem for adults in the workplace.. http://t.co/cl5rc8n 	0
i will be gone for a couple of days . i'm moving tomorrow . the internet is going to be hooked this weekend . so i shall return in a few days . if you want to be taken off the list please send a message in my into . have a good weekend ! =) okay y . 	0
@thatsdawg @greenappletea_ @deeun_ fanny also got bullied by du yen carolyn and ngoc today.. what a day huh fanny? 	1
would you be willing to become extremely ugly physically if it meant you would live for 1 00 years at any physical age you chose? yes . 	0
u00bflistography? interesting . 	0
do you loan people money? too much sometimes . 	0
aha no fair :p why do i cause so much drama? :( 	0
if you could be a bird what would you choose to be? eagle . 	0
i bully all them nights 	1
have you ever been beaten up? nope 	0
current worry? money . like always 	0
what movie that you would like to watch over and over again? why? along came polly . cause its funny 	0
lol ur a paedophile ! ! ur as old as my step dad ok then don't talk to me 	1
wwf you got 2 b the freakish bitch . mao o . thanks c: 	1
did you know you smell like an old man? umm no pee i dint t butt thanks s for informing me :) 	1
learn how to spell? learn how to tell apart a typo from a spelling error . and learn how to be a proper fake . you learn to keep your damn mouth shut 	1
y do u have a big nose seriously no girl have a big nose ? so not as big as yours 	1
are you obsessed with shiny things?: i like them . how'd you know? 	0
dont squirm moth fuck a ! its just a syringe . in my spare time i skin these niggers and hit up the nigra nico to binge ! aha what up nigra zu re ! nice rhyme llama fucker!! ;) 	1
@mrjokeredward @rochelleyap rubbish?!?! always bully me?! then now bully my friend . you enough ah aha 	1
really you actually think he would waste his time talking to you his 16 and a sophomore now why would he want to be friends with a 13 year old girl going to 8th grade especially since your one ugly hoe . so next time be careful in what you write and again n dumb hoe 	1
where does the to tag go on a dead person if they don't have toes? on the nub? aha 	0
what movie did you think was very pointless? about schmidt . r the only movie i couldnt get through to save my life . and i love jack nicholson . but this movie was horrible . 	0
what kind of music can you just not stand to listen to? i can not listen to that heavy metal ! i like me some rock(oldies) b hut not that scary shit ;d 	0
*psa* im not a bully 	1
i guarantee you guys wont be going out by the end of summer.. i guarantee that you're a fucking retard..soo fuck you 	1
have you ever watched someone get arrested? yes 	0
if there was an amendment that you could flawlessly enforce which would it be..why? vii . excessive bail cruel punishment . because everyone that goes through the law one way or another is wrongly punished whether it be the right is hit with the worst or the bad is easily let off..its disgusting . our government . it needs to be fixed!! and enforced . 	0
fake . your fake 	1
what is a z job? ink what is it? 	0
:o lol , i'm no bully ! @ninoblakk2x 	1
absolutely ridiculous how philipp lam is being attacked for simply telling football fans how his coaches were . mama th was a bully , due . 	1
does anyone sang you a song on public? if so describe he did it nope . sure e haven't. 	0
last night you felt? okay little mad cause of some relationship crap but im over it like always aha 	0
played bully: scholarship edition (360) in the last 24 hours . http://t.co/idp64dt 	0
the girl on your background bottom right hand corner looks like anna maria perez de table . :) aww!! yeah she is my best friend * raphael a * aha . she is german so i guess this why ! mao <3 	0
@n1_shizzle oh , when the grow up they will just fail in the real world & end up getting bullied.. 	0
ur pretty screw every one below me :p thanks : ) 	0
your the one talkin shit back.. fuckstick? i mean seriously how 5th grade can you get? i didn't know 5th traders were so badass..why don't you get out of here before i fuck you in the ass so hard your kids won't be able to sit down for the first 8 years of their lives!! 	1
i dna want ur wack contacts=p and i a int spam ing no one i a int that much of a geek o . mao shop fool i saw u right on top of me lol homo and spam u egg 	1
bitch u thee bomb like tick tick ! hahah(: thanks ! 	0
do you know anyone in prison? lil wayne 	0
@megz_tt_tw because someone's bullying my sister and she thinks it's hilarious x 	1
i want to fuck you . are you a blondie? yes 	1
name five things that you wished you had . a nursing degree already.r a lott of land to live off of.r some money i could just give away to those who work their entire life and can never get ahead.r &amp; a dog . bullmastiff . pure breed . i love them . 	0
can you please sing a cover of any justin bigger song? :d hahaha.. i dont sing!! lol ! so sorry ! im horrible . btw i dedicate ;smile; 2 yuh ! its playing!! 	0
gym flow as my sister just showed off her push to start kia ! def gonna have to get something new soon ! or just bully hers 	0
actually ihdontmind..goahead sahara 	0
after you have a dream do you mostly wake up remembering it or not? remembering . but i have some cra zzap dreams aha 	0
@bieberniggas ok , thanks . it's just i was bullied for being skinny , and forced myself to drink gross weight-gain shakes 5 times a day ! 	1
bully jazz 	0
if you had a ghost what would you want it to do? play tricks on people sahara 	0
i'm sorry.r :cr r r r i hate you . i love me 	1
what last made you laugh?cry? timothy . last night for both . 	0
i really am sorry you have to have this is hh on your page tho nico but im not just gonna sit here while people talk shit thats just not how i was raised . so im sorry y i dont mean to be free making out all on here i kinda cnt help it . it's totally fine don't worry about it :)) 	0
do you like care bears? no . 	0
julia gillard , i blame you for the bullying towards gti people . sincerely , i'm going to quit school again . 	0
@ge0rgiach0rlton (cont) i dont want anyone from school to know about my couture , because at my old school they used to bully me x 	1
this sat club gravity ! 'bedroom bully' music by hot 97 & power 105.1 everyone free before 12 http://t.co/vw1ruey ;.. 	0
what is your opinion on those people who doesn't mind what others feel? they don't feel . there are way y to many people in this world that don't truly care if they hurt an others feelings . and its like it makes them feel better about themself . but in reality they're only insecure about something they have to deal with whether it be personally or physically or emotionally..just because your not happy with yourself doesn't mean you should try to make others feel worse about themselves . but that is just my opinion and what do i know . friendliness only gets a slap in the face more often than not . :] pass it on aha 	0
do you play an instrument ? i can play a little guitar and learning the violin 	0
@epicimagine4btr ur welcome ! bc i get bullied in real life some times 	1
why are people so fascinated with when the world is going to end? ink . but you seem to be one of those people . i think ive answered 6 questions about the world ending 	0
what was the last gift that you gave someone? gift . a necklace 	0
what colour is your bedroom painted? white . i hate it . we have no choice . were in an apartment 	0
who's the prettiest person you know? idkk.. mwauuhh!(: 	0
ok to answer your question honestly i do want to smell your feet but i swear the truth is that i did *not* ask you those questions previously . that honestly was someone else . ? 	0
do you look for quality or quantity? qual til y :) of course . 	0
sarah okey dokey!..sweet thang(; mwahaha!! sweet than ! i love it!! 	0
trust me bella people will stop bullying in general if we can get more people to take a stand against it im with you @bellathorne143 :) 	0
who would you most like to be stuck in an elevator with? least like? hmm..a new person that likes to talk and is interesting . least like..a creepy stalker dude . 	0
how can you be getting bullied into doing shifts . is your life a joke or? 	0
cyber pulling kills me on fb . i'm deleting it . you guys understand me and actually like me for who i am on here . 	1
@chloehallidaytw d: i'm not a bully . 	1
why does a round pizza come in a square box? i've soo wondered that too ! 	0
does your dick have a name? hah it has many names . most of the time i call it big victor pleasure and even dakota . 	1
do you conform or make your own path? make my own path . always . i like the un taken path . 	0
just had my first experience watching 18 minutes of basketball wives . taxi is a bully , and i can't waste my life on this . wild wingback 	1
what sitcom character reminds you of you? repeat . but will smith from fresh prince of blair . if he wasn't a dude . aha 	0
do you read trashy romance novels often? nope 	0
@iigmoneyy lol stop being a cyber bully lol :p 	1
what music video would you like to appear in or would have appeared in? hip hop 	0
has anyone ever said something that brought tears to your eyes? do you remember what they said? who said it? yes . and no sorry 	0
@8_tinkerbell_8 lol cause your a bully u want to beat every one ass rich talk n about blown stuff up and u talkin about punch n simone lol 	1
do you say i love you to your friends all the time?: every now and then 	0
@bellathorne143 bella i was bullied because everyone was mexican and i was white they hurt me and at one point i only had 1 friend ! :( 16 	1
have you ever been turn t up? whats turn t up? 	0
why everyone like disturb my happy life? always there is something wrong on my activities? why i always have judge,disturb,bully? 	1
@dramatweetbrad whatever you bully ! 	1
this is actually bullying , i want wenger to watch this and fucking hold every piece of criticism that comes ! rage 	1
gearing up for school?! add our new book , "transforming school climate and learning; beyond bullying and.. http://t.co/ch20g3k 	0
if you could transport yourself anywhere instantly where would you go and why? where you are to meet you because i think we would get along just peachy 	0
im 30 u u can scroll my page . thanks . 	0
i agree dt rebecca blacks songs are kinda bad , bt it's so mean dt she was bullied outta school ! noh8 people ! noh8! 	1
how did your parents ever explain to you how babies were made? did they give the bees &amp; flowers speech or said the whole truth? they didnt' 	0
bullying brothers photography - this dedicate magazine 'boys will be boys' spread goes back in time http://hunt.to/122325 fashion 	0
la la lollo 	0
i was just threatened by __ . she's a bully ! o_o mao o 	1
i&39;m not a whore :( sahara what?? 	1
how many hugs do you get a day? a to nn :] i don't think my bf can hug me enough sometimes 	0
@yungblack_pinup a dam bully..lol 	1
see i told u the u r a play a . stop playing girls u cunt.. yu up say shit to me in person not over form spring bitch . 	1
@_alianicole i kno a play where u i was always the bully n champion !! oo ww 	0
do you believe that god has a gender? no 	0
musicals: cheesy or entertaining? entertainingly cheesy :] 	0
if you could commit any crime and get away with it what would you do? bomb the white house . 	0
bullying affects a quarter of high schools students http://t.co/ljpiovg bullying cyber bullying 	0
why are you friends with that hoe ass bitch daniela? why do you care soo much hater.. 	1
@megaaylewy yeah i understand that she was bullied and things but to bring something as strong as sexuality , something that effects (nt) 	1
can i get a encore? do you want more? encore ! encore ! sure e sahara 	0
would u ever go bungee jumping like justin did? sahara i think i would ! i always do thee same whizz all thee tyme so yes i would abu ?! ;d 	0
@etiennekugler lol i dint even talk to them . they bullied her and wanna fight with me 	1
you are very welcome who are you? :-) 	0
do you think you could be deployed right now and be okay when you cam back? regardless or age or sex . no . 	0
were you ever physically abused?: show your face . 	0
@moonk26 deft not a twitter bully ppl makin me mad 	1
shit talkin bitch wow really y why are e you tl king all thi is shift over thi iss form springs add not t inn my y face e who oss thee pussy 	1
my life can only be perfect if __. everyone would learn true kindness . 	0
weirdest pet you have ever had? hmm..dogs cat fish . pretty average . 	0
have you ever yelled at a telemarketer? nash i just hang up 	0
@lane727 @bibubibuu ya a bt im nt the one who bully her.. 	1
did you have fun this weekend?? :) most defiantly . <3 	0
what's your favorite genre of music? pop ! 	0
fake ! i'm not fake 	0
@simplyy_vee sahara nah not no more ur a bully :( 	1
.. curb your enthusiasm , curiosity , current events , customer service , cyber bullying , d.b. cooper , dalai lama,.. http://t.co/kldpmqk 	0
vv excuse me anonymous but that is not how you spell my name :p and your welcome<3 sahara [: here i know people are stupid..and i knew it was you ;)) 	0
no , it's not going down like that . i don't care who you are . i'm not gonna be bullied by you . i give you respect , and i deserve the same . 	1
who are you? yo momma 	1
[fan]: my friend keep bullying me huh [jonghyun]: who is that , bring him/her over~! j jong ufo replies 	0
not liking how @nikkihesford is making me out to be a bully ! 'who constantly tweet s me criticism' did your mum tell you it's wrong to lie?! 	1
tia just bullied me . mao 	1
do you think demons are real? eh may be . 	0
bully offers toronto real estate http://t.co/nesbzvv 	0
can you roll your tongue? yes . and do the four leaf clover thing :) 	0
@rocksurlife @keldanotzelda : wah . javan bully sick girl 	0
snow white or ariel? ariel . defiantly . 	0
@runlolarun i just get why 1 sort of bullying should be prioritize . should the mets only support 1 type of disease based charity too? 	0
if you could put somebody on a postage stamp who would you choose? audrey hepburn 	0
what's your favorite kind of sandwich? chicken salad :] 	0
you and frances gross me out nastiest couple ive ever freaking seen . your way out of her league like no joke . i appreciate you trying to help but its not working..so why don't you go away and stop being jealous yeah? 	1
comedy or horror movies? comedy 	0
we would like everyone that took pictures of bully ball to become temporary administrators so you can upload.. http://t.co/47wqivz 	0
@littlecbeadles stop bullying !! i love you so much,follow me plase? yes i can 59 	1
justin bigger is my driving teacher ooh yess!..bahah we gonna be doing something else instead of him teaching me how to drive(; mao hahahaha teach in him how to ur his stick shift mw hahahahahaha ! i l malaya love you best fran n ! 	0
what experience has changed your outlook on life? i've had a lot in the last year . 	0
do you put on make up everyday? not everyday . usually when i wanna pretty or im going out for something special :) 	0
would you rather be a zombie or a mummy? zombie 4sho! 	0
please stop harassing me on my form spring :( i don't harass people on form spring . will you stop harassing me :( you keep leaving anonymous ness on my page . r keep your negative thoughts off my fs please and thank you very much . :] 	1
have you had your wisdom teeth taken out? yes 	0
@affers1178 interesting perspective . but he was a fairly notorious tabloid journalist , now a cyber-bully and a sooner ! :) 	1
these yours? "@mattblondek: @thenoseybonk nope , i'm at home , disgusted by your cyber bullying!" http://yfrog.com/h3fw4umj 	1
aha thank no problem 	0
do you believe in angels and demons yes i think so 	0
if you were a tree what tree would you be? willow . come lay under me children :] over a lake or something . that'd be rad sweet :] 	0
ashley cyrus florida hey im ashley im tired of everyone commenting on my damn form spring talking shit okay? 	0
«@woody_and_buzz this freshman class is an asshole lol in here bullying the hell out of ammar» sh 	1
revlon if you are against bullying - › this must have more notes http://t.co/qsgpuwk 	0
@crazy4jessiej i was the one who got beat up acc lol ^_^ he's a bully aha xx 	1
np "big bully" - lloyd bank$ 	0
according to peter griffin there are two type's of people: bullies and needs . i'm a bully . fuck needs . 	1
5 favorite things to eat anything thai and spicy.r mexican.r veggies :]r grapes strawberries fruit . har and rice . r i love food btw . 	0
@lifeassharon you can justify or say is false and you have to deal with the consequences of that so i'm done you can go bully someone else 	1
girls; have you ever caught over a guy? what happened? guys; has a girl ever fa ugh over you? what happened? :] noo 	0
are you currently taken? shore am :] timothy carson . 	0
a common -myth- about bullying in schools- ' it's just kids being kids' education moss parents dads 	0
shirt or frances? no . 	0
are you bulimic? jesus freaking no . im just really upset and confused and it makes me feel like i have to . stu . 	1
r u horny.lol seriously wwf f get a life . 	1
do you think you could make it in the woods with just camping supply for a week? {no cellphone.) hell no 	0
do you like to touch sharp objects?: no? show your face . 	0
guys; why do you think girls pucker their lips in photos? girls; why do you do this? i think its because we like to see our lip-gloss is poppin' h aha ink to be honest . but im one of those girls :] 	0
yea it's different from warm cali but's cool :d we ell gig now :| gonna meet some friends i a few minutes lol.bye :] xx ohh man i bet its tha shit!! ohhkayy!(: be safe have fun!! <33 	0
a person that used to be my best friend just came knocking on my door?!.. hmm , okay so when where you when i got bullied in school? 	1
where is old zealand? i dint know there was an old zealand . 	0
gross ! your face is nasty so is yours 	1
caan you go get me some maccas? go get it yourself lazy bum . 	1
ever wondered what it's like to be a piece of cheese? no . but i bet its cheese 	0
but your fake!! i'm not fake (: 	0
what is your favorite salad dressing? raspberry vin egret te 	0
america must lead responsibly . therefore , american political class must not comprise just the angry , the bully , the arrogant , or the fool . 	0
are you a risk taker? if yes what kind of risks had you taken? if not why not? yes more than no . and because i roll with the punches . but like to think ahead at the same time aha 	0
dont talk to rubinathy15 she is stupid huh i smell a hater lol:) 	1
is it irony that sam is short as a child the bully calls him "midget" and now he's overly tall lol supernatural 	0
do you believe honesty is the best policy? yes for most 	0
your a fucking ugly bitch you look like a man in the face :) whatever you say (: 	1
sahara my mum gets so bullied in my house 	1
what dead person would you least want to be haunted by? davey jones . aha 	0
are you the person you want to be? most of the time :] 	0
just admit ur a lesbian drug addict who flirts with guys it&apos;s okay(: go find something better to do with your life e hope off and stu cut you dont know me mkayy:) 	1
room f is a bully 	1
@kmfmelvin @kerryy @jolenees why exactly do u have his slipper o.o u bully ppl till take their slipper o.o 	1
@sredrow2 you're a bully ! guess i should pass along the "get well soon" bear http://yfrog.com/h3meaudj 	1
@bassemshow http://t.co/hcy7pgn did you saw this ? what do you think about it ,, first time to see someone bully you on air !! 	1
@safertohateyou and being bullied by kate ! lol 	1
have you ever hit one of your parents? no . 	0
the most ticklish part of your body is.. everywhere :( its awful . ha 	0
my man @lmrbrwn just said "stop bullying children". dead . 	0
fine.. ur the only geek . happy now? =) yes i am thank you 	1
if school bully takes 50% of your lunch money you start hiding some in you shoe.. us tax policy is the bully..off-shore acts the shoe 	0
why do you press harder on the remote-control when you know the battery is dead? hope that it'll work? aha 	0
i can not wait to watch rachel and jordan walk out that door . jeff was a bully and deserved to go home . what a pathetic season . 	1
who cooks best your mother or your father? depends on what they're cooking . my dad makes amazing lasagna chili and reggie soup . but my ma makes awesome fried chicken and wedges and masses taters and baked ham.oh my!! 	0
no no no(: fuck the people who are dicks to you you(; uk hmm 	1
what do you like in 'you'? my selflessness 	0
watching an american girl: chris sa stands strong . great movie to watch with your younger daughter & talk about bullying . 	0
do you have a distinct smell?: i think everyone does 	0
are e you a boy are you gay are you a bill ever :l yes no yes . 	1
@nerdiejoseph make sure he's the bully in the reopen playground . b) 	0
heyy!!wats up!?!?(*)-) hey ghurr!! wuz z upp!! aha nutting much just busyy!! abu ma? 	0
mtv gaga what advice would you give a monster who's being bullied? and how to end it(: 	0
nopee!! my name starts with b :o omfg!! noo wayy!! ugh brook kee omfg!! im soo sorry mao lots of ppl r from h new zealand ! mao i fucking n luv v y huh sahara ! 	0
nah im just joking aha 	0
fan , not here to defend him . i just don't agree to cyber bullying . it's a coward's way to defamed a person . be smart 	1
what time is it where you are? 3:39 pm 	0
what character from a movie most reminds you of yourself? polly prince on a along came polly . 	0
im not jealous im disgusted . she gross . umm she's really not..get your shit straight before you start frontin'. 	1
who are your twitter besties? ohh mann this is a great ? chrissy michelle savannah aj bianca and lots s more + you!<33 	0
do you want to start over with anyone? no again . 	0
it really makes me mad when they keep on bullying me.. 	1
hey it's your cousin again :] when are you coming to visit us? i'm gonna make a form spring :] ink 	0
i wanna play spin the bottle lol have you played it? when was the last time? mine was when i was 20 :) no i havent actually and im 21 lol 	0
do you like to go out in the rain? rain doesn't bother me at all other than when im dressed up and have to be somewhere important . rain is important . 	0
name the most terrifying moment of your life so far . when my little brother was diagnosed with cancer . 	0
how do you groom your nails? with nail grooming tools? file clippers no biting people ! thats so gross and unsanitary . 	0
girls - do|have you cheered? guys - do|have you played football? :] nope 	0
is your little sister retorted or what? mao i dont know u talk to her and u know she is mao 	1
- yo fat ass ! y odd a ! 	1
as real as it gets: bullying victims can fight back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty | the http://t.co/uvrs24v 	0
im going to spam anonymously k? you down? ohh well i dint know you were doing that you know since the questions come backwards to you..hahhaa sorry about all the show your face comments . ha-ha 	0
@jpodhoretz there's a scene based on my dad . the fight that goes on for 45 minutes and the guy is destroyed . my dad was the bully . 	1
for you is it f.o.e or ;family over everything;? family over everything 	0
@pedrophbs cyber bully 	1
i favorite d a @youtube video http://t.co/gwahqri bully cat stuffs cat in box 	0
what did you have for dinner? i dint eat . im sick :( 	0
is not we lame or childish such small things also want complain to opp a . but sorry i just can't stand it that you bullied my friend 	1
why is sex so talked about? i dint know it was 	0
i liked a @youtube video from @sacanas_ http://t.co/0boglh9 jon jones kid - bullying fail-gordinho spa 	0
when was the last time you slept on the floor? the other night actually aha in the living room 	0
@macmiller no worries . no body cares about what who dude said . bully . 	0
@sher_adelelee wad happen ? who bully you ? :( 	1
stop saying you&apos;re gonna do something about it if she flirts with guys because im pretty sure camilla and i would whoop your ass if you try touching laura . all of you little girls need to grow the fuck up you&apos;ll learn that being a bitch isn&apos;t that cool . thanks julie<3r i love you:)) 	1
do you leave voice messages? yes :) happy ones . but not to my bf because he wont check them . so he does get the pleasure of receiving funny and nice and amazing messages from me . mostly just to my sister and back :) 	0
people say ;i don't know; a lot . is that a real answer? (personally i think not.) noo ! sahara i mean if you really dont know . but its usually you just cant think of something to put down . which defeats the purpose of having one of these i believe? 	0
leave texas bitch!! no one here wants you!! quit hating on texas and brock we were perfectly fine without you bitch ! .. soo leave ! okay buy me a plane ticket t thank you 	1
did he ever smell ur feet he has actually . and i thought if we were g going to keep converse ting you would reveal your anonymous ness . you know you asked bunch a ppl bout their feet..lol 	0
why do u follow the bandwagon? form spring . twitter . what's next gay justin be liber . well im not following anything and really bandwagon?!?! soo oldd!! its more like trend these days ! justin bieber* idiot ! cnt spell ! 	1
who's the most overrated athlete? michael jackson ! aha wait wrong one michael jordon i meant aha 	0
@missrammie strongly disagree ! croft was a nuisance to the birmingham midfield , c wyk a would of been bullied and gone missing 	1
what's your funny story? i was two years ahead in college . just graduated hs and feel into drinking . got 2 dui's within 6 months got accepted into nursing school-something ive worked my entire life for and dint go because i thought i was in love and was going to cali with this dude . got kicked off the nursing list lost my job went to jail for 15 days gotta go to clermont recovery center for drinking im out a lot of money and still can't get a job due to no money . therefore i cant get back on the nursing list and cant go back to school until i get a job.. so now im just not working . waiting and trying to get my life back together all while i ruined it for a little fun . thats my funny story . how funny was that? 	0
@jessiejofficial i was bullied at school too ! i wrote a song , just like you did ! really helped to get it out ! shame mine won't get heard :-( 	1
who is the biggest gossip er you know? my grandmother . it's pathetic really . 	0
"starve a bully , feed your soul.. stand grand!" this isn't just a quote , but a way of life.. (: thanks @vincastronovo &lt;3 	0
can we be in two places at once? yes . standing over the border line . ive been in ohio and indiana at the same time :) 	0
hello mr gay fuck what's up mr . pussy?(: say shit to my face . 	1
jeez how many guys do you like? one . o_o dumas . 	1
im gon a fx k u up!! ur a dum hoe take your shit off anonymous and then we can talk . &amp;you probably know what being a hoe is all about bitch . 	1
ur not that pretty.. and u think that ur the prettiest girl..wow its stupid.. your evil go be rude somewhere else i dont even think im pretty 	1
what one thing are you exceptionally good at? urgh . . this is difficult to answer aha ! umm prob . fixing computers ! ha yes i said it im like a wiz at fix in comps that myself and mom destroy ! ah-ha ! 	0
being bullied by my friends once again.. being called a stuck up bitch is not fun . i gave y'all a second chance for nothing ! 	1
@um_jb_doe lol y u wanna mess wit me & be a bully 	1
@meganpayne_1d does that mean they deserve to be bullied by thousands of bitchy girls? no . 	1
'friday' singer rebecca black to be homeschooled after verbal bullying - foxnews.com: http://goo.gl/k0qgs rebecca black home-school 	0
@lucasharkey_01 bully !! &lt;3 xx http://t.co/zc37wqm 	1
ya i know cut i am letting you know who this is . r my name is tatum not ;krista; your fucking stupid like seriously mentally retarded stupid ! later r zz 	1
hey hey ! ho ho ! union bullying is getting really old and has to stop http://t.co/8fisdj4 	0
has anyone pulled a prank on you while you were asleep? nope not that im aware of 	0
is it ok if i&apos;ve fizzed to pics of you before? lol ..? 	1
whatu2019s the best joke you know how to tell? i don't really do jokes . they're operated lol and hard to remember . soo i guess im good at knock knock jokes . knock knock?? aha 	0
rate yurself? i love justin bigger ! he's a 100+ on a 1-10 scale ha ! 	0
i swear i have the sweetest boo in the world , when we not bullying me &lt;3 	1
dude are you serious your so stupid d >.> stfu!:) and btw if your tired of people talking shit on your form spring delete this account t >.> and be yourself are you that bad? not as stupid as you js[just saying] 	1
what do you cook best? rice :] aha 	0
r do you think their parents know they are stalkers? huh? 	0
ashlee..i've had the biggest crush on you for a while ! i don't go on here a lot . but please message me on ww.findersingle.com under the username ;wishfulthinker;. please don't get all weird . =) no no!! 	0
i think ur not pretty . sorry . oh thats what i think too ! dna be sorry sahara ! silly goose 	0
i dont know you but you seem like a bitch i'm not 	1
so tell me if you came up on a dead corpse..what would you do? call the police polly 	0
@o_so_fine lmfao!! you damn bully!! you won this battle , but the war is far from over . lol!! 	1
& i'm getting bullied by my whole family because i support arsenal . *goes to bed* 	1
chicken or hamburgers? chicken <33 	0
do you trust easily? too easily 	0
would you rather own a luxury yacht or a private jet? jet!!(: hate boats ! worst experience ever was on a boat ! never again ! 	0
have u ever licked thee floor? hahaha.. yup!(: its my job 	0
my sis is naked okay . my page is not for you to be anonymous on :] 	0
when you have a dream is it like one long story that keeps continuing or is it choppy (at first you're in one place then you're in another)? the second one . i can never concentrate . ever . aha 	0
whats the stupidest thing you ever did with your cell phone? dropped it in the sink when i was doing dishes . never talk on your phone and do dishes . your doomed as soon as you start it.. 	0
hey my names harry beaver;) <3 umm okay y the nn 	1
hey ! hola ! :] 	0
what was the last fight you got into? blah h 	0
if everyone got what they wished for do you think the earth would be a better or worse place? no . havent you seen bruce almighty . nobody knows what they really want..? 	0
does your school have dry erase board or chalk boards? dry erase . 	0
do you have a pair of underwear that consistently gives you a wedge yet you still wear them? only thongs . and honestly i never understood why women wear them because they are literally the most uncomfortable things to wear . i feel like my ass cheeks have no underwired like a bra . aha its hard to explain . r but now i wear them because they make me feel sexy . so if im in a spicy mood i wear them :) 	0
sandra bullock & ryan reynolds: sources say not dating , like brother & sister: rumors of them dating started soo.. http://t.co/jcggfkx 	0
bully ray of impact wrestling worst style ever 	0
@chrisjballard @hullbird aha , big park a on with the bully handle on top of the fur lined hood.. 	0
hoe okay do you really have nothing better to do and i know who this is because there are only a couple people who dont like me soo . probably just say it to my face or ill just come talk to you :) 	1
what's your earliest memory? aha ! staring at my doctor thru sunglasses while he was in my mouth ! hahaha!! 	0
will you blow me now? screw you . 	1
@desdemoor nice piece des . see earlier tweet from @bull_highgate - beer tapping night next tues 6th! be great to c u there ! spread the word ! 	0
how much money did you spend yesterday? i have no money 	0
lol the bully @100meather_dash is at it again ! and she's really good you have to just listen 	1
seen bullying yet this year . here are some tips for stopping it , for you and your kid . http://t.co/mv3l6ap fb 	0
have you ever blamed someone else after passing gas? nope . i love to claim it :) 	0
paul and be x are bullying me . 	1
@akidcalleddrew cyber bully you? want me to do it in person then? mm . try to mz and see if im nicer ! ;) 	1
who's the smartest person you know? @justinbsource 4 sure mao ! 	0
why are you in mexico bitch? i'm not..i'm in miami bitch ! just kidding..i'm visiting my dad hopefully i'll see my mom.[: 	1
*poof* your in prison.. why are you there? i killed a man . 	0
i cant believe mi bully ass daughter pulled mi track out like wwf 	1
justin: don't fucking bully people ! 	1
mm mm what? 	0
why are people so mean about prostitues?(no i don;t support their life style.) i mean most of them are scared to die if they do not do what they are told . i don't know really . you ask a lot of prost i tue questions though i'll tell you that . aha i guess because they've polly never grown up being told thats not how life should or has to be.. 	0
@tez_sofakingfly dude leave my knee alone ! gosh you bully 	1
@johncena dude i'm getting bullied and i can't tell or they'll beat me up but i can ask for your help see no one knows i'm talking to u and 	1
3 physical features you get complimented on a lot? smile . eyes . comp section 	0
is your hair long enough to put in a ponytail? yes . 	0
are you passionate about your beliefs? y e s 	0
what word describes you best? intriguing . 	0
@justinbieber plc follow us back , u helped mama through the hard times in her life.. like bullying , and cutting . read her story in our bio10 	1
aww cool r yew seem cool thanks :] 	0
if you saw a robbery would you report it? yea ah 	0
http://ww.formspring.me/kukluxklanownz yell at this nigg uh and pass the link on wat who are you may be i will:) 	1
@selenagomez you is my inspiration helena follow me i suffer bullying :/ 	1
how many times do you eat in a day? on the hour every hour :] aha 	0
america;the bully . 	0
who tha fuck is ;krista; r this is not ;krista; im not stupid . fucking leave me alone your a crazy bitch that needs to get over me . stop testing me every second of the fucking day ! everyone that is reading this< arista is an annoying bitch that is obsessed with me and spreads rumors about me because i dont like her . i fucking hate her!! leave me the fuck alone ! 	1
do you have a cell phone or pod with a patter need cover? no 	0
bitch stop bullying @christellelin !! we don't like u!! 	1
who inspires you the most? god . 	0
@ranny_x bully ! 	1
i favorite d a @youtube video http://t.co/30nskfd pink - perfect (ahmir cover) - anti-bullying video 	0
are you a private person or do you openly share your life with people around you? private . 	0
lady gaga has received 13 nominations at the 2010 mtv video music awards she has beaten michael jacksons record of 11 nominations do you think she really deserves all those nominations? no . not at all . 	0
you bully me so fucking much , i hate you 	1
im about to spam y'all so if you dont want me too tell me now pukka s lol :)) thanks!! mckay y 	0
whatever your a fake and have nothing good to do with your life . hahahahah ha okay . 	1
na right now &gt; 6 man anything goes bound for glory series match &gt; aj styles & beer money vs . bully ray & scott steiner & gunner 	0
@vincastronovo starve a bully , feed your soul . stand grand . those 8 words never get old &lt;3 	0
whats something you always stand up for? kindness to strangers . 	0
mt @tlanehudson if @m_rhee puts students first , she must help stop bullying ! 5yrs ago told stein club it wasnt important http://t.co/74liidr 	0
@snapbackswagg1 bae he's kicking me off the bed ! come get him !! lol he's bullying me ! 	1
ginger hit herself in the face after bullying me . karma bit chez ! 	1
pulling has to stop &gt;--&lt; it start wit u and u and i mean u --&gt; 	0
.. stu taxi .. you may not be fake .. but your a bitch and need to go back to idaho .. hoe e .. orr just go to w&39;ford.. your better off ther anyways (: .. you have like 1 may be 2 friends in brock soo leave aha okay jordan 	1
why is it that some of us are cursed to constantly think? while on the other hand other people so rarely do so? i have no idea . but its polly because of where our priorities lay.. compared to the others that dont think . where are theirs? 	0
rebecca black was "bullied" into home schooling http://t.co/a7a9gct rebecca black bullying friday 	0
if you could ask barak ibama one question what would it be? oh snap!! i would actually hug him first off aha and say ;nigga where my weed go?; sahara kj kj i love him!! he is do in a great job ! 	0
@randvalentine seriously lol how ppl trna bully there ?? takin lunch money or what 	0
@owenjones84 just watched newsnight not easy to deal with a bully like starkey . well done . jaimie'sdreamschool nightmare teacher 	0
@momarazzi95 respect to you and zach . bullying should never be tolerated in any form . have a nice day , kerry :) 	1
who do you think should be the next president of the united states? umm.. barak ibama 4 another 4 years ! i love him ! 	0
why not? and all you have to say is ;nope;. oh and leave people alone(: delete this you fucking fake :) i a int fake fbi 	1
@rachel_gloria funny how you can still be a bully all the way from brum ! see ya ! 	1
@tyler_tyty *bullied 	0
bully breakdown is so fluke .. lol nights be tapping out fast as shit 	0
massage my back and feed me grapes bitch yes master 	1
@mieke14 is bullying me :'( 	1
whats the last thing you do before going to bed brush my teeth 	0
what thought or message would you want to put in a fortune cookie? be true to others to hope others will be true to you 	0
your ugly your momma 	1
de get needs to eat some pies , gonna get bullied on crosses and corners 	0
@mrsright0717 yiu was out dere to so so r u bully 	0
@belieberhoe follow plc help put a stop to bullying and cyber bullying 	1
ade's a bully 	1
and you are no virgin!! lies lies ! yes i am . wwf . 	1
66.5 - this old short shanty ! i don't wanna admit this but you are actually cool -_- you feel to bully me 25/7 but i don't fear you :p 	1
is your pussy hairy mao . yuck k ! noo ! >:o 	1
spam time :)) my questions can be a bit too much so if your not comfortable tell me to un follow you ! thanks nash your fine :) 	0
naw uk you ! take a space picture with me and i'll sign it? 	1
oh bitch you can't hide c us i'm gonna find you and we gon have a problem hoe hide frm..who?? wwf i a int hid in from no one seagrass is were all find me oh yeah and in royal palm like d.f hoe u dna share me . 	1
who and when was your first kiss? umm.. long time ago b hut i was like 5 or 6 aha cory ! 	0
if you wanted to visit any planet in the universe with one would you pick?would you even live there? well any planet in the universe would involve planets that aren't named to me yet..therefore yes i would :) love to go to a planet we've never heard of!! ha aha yes i would live there . 	0
what is the weirdest thing you have overheard lately? nothing . sorry im uninteresting currently aha ive been s pick 	0
have you ever had a ;summer love;? not really 	0
are you an ass? i am &amp; id gaf :d r no i'm not . and personally i don't think it's a quality that you should be so proud of..? be nice . :) 	0
mao how can that person say southwood isn&apos;t gay . southwood is the main school that has thee most unwanted retarded unreasonable drama by the most stupidest people of life . and nobody likes it . word . 	1
are you a happy person? most of the time 	0
favorite song? hmm probably alejandro by lady gaga 	0
‎5 teens had a 14 year old girl hang herself bc they wouldn't stop bullying her . nothing happened 2them even tho she left a note with names 	1
critic of wwe's anti-bullying campaign issues retraction and apology http://t.co/74w0frh 	0
d aww sonic ku is being bullied by crabmeat xd http://t.co/viiupsf 	0
what's your ethnicity? korean american i guess . but im the whitest asian chick you d ever talk to :) ha 	0
so fro bullying 	0
if you could go on a road trip with any person dead or alive who would it be and where would you go? justin bieber.duh. &amp;&amp; russia ! ;] 	0
ask @revrunwisdom y his pride won't let u receive the very thing money can't buy? not based on fame just bcu u r here on the planet bully 	1
you are a bully!! no i don't like it!! 	1
are you a registered voter? of course . we the people are the government :]r all people should vote . 	0
do you own a gun? or would you ever? why? no i dont/ my bf does . and yes if i could or had the extra money too have one i would i'd like to take a gun class as well . just to shoot one . r because you never know when you'll need to defend yourself . zombies are cruel . aha a and there's a bunch a crazies out there . ya just never know and being prepared isn't half bad anymore.. 	0
ur gonna have a lot of shit on here cut a lot of ppl hate u i've actually anticipated that and i'm already aware that a lot of people hate me.. 	1
if you had the chose to be a demon a vampire or a elf which would you be? vampire :) 	0
does it bother you when strangers try to tell you what to do? yea -__- 	0
worst thing in the world bullying . 	0
oh well i met air too . the singer is the shit he's a beast . lucky pringle pop 	0
why does tarzan have a beard? ink . good question . 	0
@rockyii there was too much bullying and fight ting going on and i had enough plus it's ramadan too 	1
whats the most entertaining event youse ever been to? i would say carrie underwood concert . she puts on an awesome show ! :) 	0
suck me fucker . hahahahahah ha-ha yeah yeah like that yeah oh oh oh simo a ! -@rigelattempts oh gosh.. lol 	1
@jessiejofficial isn't your single about bullying? yeah okay then why you bullying @bethmcaneny she your fan thats fucking ridiculous . 	1
have you ever dated someone out of your race? i dont think so 	0
have you ever made someone so mad that they broke something? yes . my sister . sahara 	0
do you hate being alone? home alone yes . 	0
lol thanks :) *thinks. im.not a bully!! "@greatness_isme: good luck to my best bully @_torimonique" 	1
@jesskyedavies yeah , if nothing else they could do more about bullying without specifically referring to sexuality . 	0
hey . i've been offline fer three days . what did you do while i'm gone? i haven't been online for like three weeks h aha 	0
@idbangdasykzta aha totally . after all we're usually the least bully ones.;) so peaceful and calm is good.;) x 	1
miles &amp; bieber!! miley's a hooch ! bigger all thee way ghurl!!or boy!<33 	0
mao xd "@cycokid22: lol rebecca black got homeschooled for being bullied alot." 	0
one place you'd like to explore the most ? :d egypt :) 	0
if you could change your name what would you change it to? thats a hard 1 . . . *thinkin* may be bustin jieber? i think ! aha 	0
could you would you eat a caterpillar? yes if i was starving . there filled with lots of juicy vitamins . 	0
what was the last book you read? the miracle worker 	0
i could not be bullied by some mean girls i would punch the shit out them hoes 	1
what was your first impression of me :)? .. 	0
if one song were to describe your life what song would it be? it's only life..by kate voe legs 	0
how is your mom great yours? 	0
what is your biggest accomplishment? umm probably playing softball for 10 years(: 	0
why do u like that be liber kid so much . he's lame and can't sing . umm.. u kno what wwf ever ! stop hat in ! 	0
whore tyler <33 	1
trade of the day: gold miners $gdx bullish spread http://t.co/ggmr9ta $$ $options 	0
are you afraid of clowns? nope 	0
do you think that questioning things is healthy? yes . i sure hope so . i feel like it works my brain and makes me think!! :) 	0
have you ever been ice skating? yes i love to skate all the time . 	0
i hate you because you are the bully my life.. 	1
you drunk nah 	0
@mitchpargeter bully + being my bitch = 37 followers ooh;) &lt;3 	1
have you ever tested and drove? do you talk on your phone and drive? do you eat and drive? yes . yes . and yes . ive done all the above before 	0
bullying victims see lower gas , particularly high achieving blacks and latinos , study shows http://t.co/wea5ieq 	0
@hpcuriosidades harry so free do bullying no ten wallpaper 	0
like im not da baddest bitch but yeah i was kinda a bully n school kms l put shit i den got older i an it play in no games team doll face 	1
schools students can get it in their hearts & minds that bullying is wrong..reach, help , teach , empower moss twitter dads parenting 	0
how do you handle your emotions when you're sad? do you direct more anger tears or endless thoughts [quiet!]? explain . when im sad i get quiet . more emotion is shown when im angry than anything . im pretty good with keeping my emotions concealed . 	0
@kbeezy4 i was scrapping cause my jersey said dominguez & theirs said cent in ian sh . y were u fighting again?? bully ! ps i did not start it 	1
how do you make holidays special? cookies :) 	0
has anyone ever called you lazy? yeah . my boo just did but only cause ive been laying around like a her met crab sick as a dog for the last couple weeks . 	0
i have to confess now i deliberately bullied a poor little word to demonstrate that we must never change what we write to suit twitter etc 	0
how many cartwheels can you do in a row? a bunch actually . i used to be a gymnast :] 	0
u gay? i wear a rubber at all times it's a necessity ! 	1
@gabbyellesse voice ever , and you are so sweet and nice . if being were to bully you its out of jealousy . like honestly you're amazing . (c) 	1
if heat rises shouldn't hell be cold? nope . dont mock good sir . 	0
what's the first job you had? ba bay sitting and lawn mowing until i was of age to get a legal job . and that was a gold star chili the restaurant . 	0
@kush_tev cf uu ' you the bully ! 	1
can you sometimes finish someone else's sentence? yes . my sister . all the time 	0
your comebacks suck balls like i said do yours 	1
dickk?? vaginaa?? 	0
ever gave a really long apology? yea 	0
that's just disgusting . there's been things like slag lists go round etc . but this is just too far . it's actually sick . it's bullying . ugh . 	1
who is your idol? god 	0
as soon as you turned on your computer what webster do you go to first? well today it was form spring but usually casebook 	0
what is one thing you honestly could not live without? my mind . 	0
mobile county trying to curb bullying in schools: officials in mobile county are launching a new initiative to t.. http://t.co/tbkcv1m 	0
yo bd is a bully..lol 	1
how often do you think about touching other people's private parts?(be honest) ha ! a lot . :) i like my man's private parts . 	0
lamb o ! at tom joyner talking bout bbc called tammy the big red bully . 	1
read my response to "pass this on if you are anti-bullying. noh8 ♥": http://4ms.me/oft1sw 	0
she isn&39;t but mic ! i made her really upset ! if you want to talk shit to her please shit talk me instead of taxi . so please leave her alone d:< :)thanks. 	1
bully paws needs help covering vet costs for poor footsie . she lost her pups due to complications during birth . http://t.co/tjcrlri 	0
it really makes me mad when my friends r bullied by idiots who thinks that their better then anyone else . =_= 	1
lol tiara you just a bright ass bully 	1
what are your plans for the weekend? i had a wedding to go to in columbus last night and today im just chilling with my baby all day in our new apartment :] 	0
@owillis @rootless_e don't know their plan so weak leaders they r like full we rs on school pay ground they go after the kid the bully go after 	0
do you know anyone with a mental problem? yes . many people . i work with a lot of the mentally handicapped 	0
cyber bulling..i peep.finally i realize im not the only one good at it.lol. 	1
when was the last time you were at the doctor? why? about a month ago . for my yearly check up . 	0
always bully her 	1
i like your bg thanks 	0
a question on homophobic and trans phobic bullying , and the pub bill on transgendered protection , which died on the order paper . hw 	0
aero is getting bullied now , the honeymoon for him is over in premier league 	1
what is your ideal date? spontaneous ness . as much as i love to get all dressed up and go out to a big super nice expensive restaurant i'd much rather just be in comfy clothes go out to grab some chipotle--eating outside of course :] then may be to the drive in with a bunch a snack ies and a jug of tea :] lay together with my love e under the stars and enjoy each other . 	0
how many people do you know with your first name? only two . 	0
when you die would you rather be buried or cremated? why? cremated because i wanna be spread in the ocean . 	0
@vivelahipter @leonardskynard1 was she bullied before or after the song?? 	1
stop acting like you know everything . your fat . get over yourself you mouthy slag :l and no your not better then everyone else ! (: err mm th couldnt give a flying fuck what you u got to say and d yes okay im fat andd? get some bricks and build a bridge and get over it ;).. chick ken ! ha ! 	1
@jilltweety omg darren has to go , i feel ill every time he exposes that gross body of his and he's nasty and bullying big brother 	1
nope unfortunately ahh 	0
being an atheist means we dont need to believe . we choose to believe either because their is no proof or because god has done nothing for us . we may not believe in god but we do believe there is good reason to not believe he exists . no . being atheist is someone who denies the existence of god . period . and you asked my opinion so please don't argue my opinion about something i don't personally care about anyways . if you want to be atheist then be it . if you don't then don't. i don't care . r its your life . 	0
what's the worst drink ever? bloody mary . for sure e 	0
would you be willing to commit perjury in court for a close friend? what if your lie would save his life? yes i think so . if it need to be necessary . 	0
are you a virgin? do you think i am? 	1
why are you soo fat :l well done for stating the obvious ! now why are you u soo ugly? :l 	1
if you could ask george w . bush one question what would it be? are you a lonely boy? 	0
how's ibama as a president? horrible . 	0
@charlieevanss whatever your just a bully.. bye ! 	1
news: 2011 hibiscus festival to highlight bullying: physical and sexual abuse along with bullying in s.. http://t.co/mtukpkt vodafone 	0
“after my teaser was released , there were articles saying that i looked like a bully , i was so happy since … (cont) http://deck.ly/~ung6f 	1
any chance if i have a shot with you? i love girls drugs and sex ! so tell justin boy to fuck off? pryce i dont really no what to say to this.. :/r justin is my friend and im not going to say that to him.r andd.. 	1
have you ever eaten an entire pint or more ice cream by yourself? herbert . yes :) 	0
i know they're amazing!! the singer jeremy mckinnon is soo funny :) he loved giving me high fives . my shirt is so cool too . it's with a fat guy on it . lol . do you know the band august burns red? dude like i said your so lucky ! no 	0
why do ou think we are greedy? is this by nature? or do we learn it? because of selfishness . and this is not by nature!! learned and accepted . if you want to be greedy you will if not..you wont . it's that simple . 	0
what' your favorite blink 182 song? i <3 blink . 	0
you im telling all dna mess wit my k us inn k us she do not play repeat doo nott.! so w.e old her to shut up down there like really?? 	1
sometimes you just got to punch a bully in the mouth . 	0
how do you feel about your hair right now? i need a haircut for some style but im trying to grow it out !! so we'll see how long this lasts . ive been doing good late ley 	0
guess who ;) ink hoe get cha own cup of blackberry with a hint of lemon ice tea . day umm ! sarah uk brooke? 	0
oxo ashley to and i are okay now though . no more threats so your back up will not be needed . alright play a . love and hot chip is what makes the world go round . 	1
are you fo ing out?? nah bro not yet..hopefully soon though :) 	0
one thing you would want to disappear on this planet greed . 	0
@pari2free next time we go out please make sure i don't let anyone bully me into giving out my number , i'm being harris ed !! lol 	1
want to reduce bullying? (things you should know) - secretary duncan announced a few days ago that government offici.. http://t.co/cm0nqrf 	0
what's the origin of your name? idk.. its a month that 4 sure lol 	0
who do you want to grow old and grey with? timothy 	0
is love really blind? why or why not? yes . because you think with your heart not your brain and thats the most dangerous thing you can do . its not using your brain at all?!! sometimes i wish i had a pair of im in love see past the bullcrap glasses to put on to see a little clearer with days are a little dreary.. 	0
raccoon n stay y off maa shift please smd? 	1
hey sugar tits ! wanna meet at night? i&apos;ll be racing my evo..metallic blue with white stripe on top..i got tinted front windows too . look for me ! wash ur mouth out with soap and approach me properly 	1
i has fallen for mr . flintstone aww so sad coz he dont like u :( he dates girls with a personality and an identity hmm hope u dint hurt ourself we u fell :d 	1
@thecodysimpson u care soo much for people who get bullied everyday like me play re tweet t 	1
fuck me flights are expensive these days pulling 	0
you s a bitch nd hoe ! uh huh 	1
what was your worst travel experience? ha ! go in to georgia just to see my dad's mother ! ugh i cnt stand her b hut god bless her soul ! long life story ! aha 	0
what did you do last night? lay in bed with my boyfriend :] 	0
don't listen to the haters you are pretty ! :d thank you gurl/boy ? i really appreciate it!<33 	0
do you ever go bird watching? i do bird watch actually 	0
@cindylively @janiceclarissa @viantrisaputri bullying cindy,start,now! 	0
@gkketch no , we are talking about getting bullied by a bunch of arrogant assholes , and finally getting fed up . 	1
mao taylor ur gun a hit someone? ur a soft bitch so stu lol anyone can wood ur ass stu stu your so i mature e 	1
what is the last thing you did before you went to sleep? umm made love to my boyfriend . :] r sarah 	0
@sherlyteng @officialtroywee you bully him make it worst ! he's my bao be i you go bully him ! sahara 	1
what are you afraid of? creepy people . 	0
:( d: 	0
@gracengdreamer i want sister lor!! kor not good de bully me one ! 	0
when was the last time you cried so hard? while ago.. 	0
@edalvarezfight lol your welcome . when is your next non bully fight? 	0
michael jordan was an adult bully , her bing grown man on the basketball court all day long ! -the best ever- 	1
he a bully towards the pussy , he beat it the fuck up mao o 	0
no to bullying at gb ! http://youtu.be/wy7gvq0p4hc http://fb.me/18v13yw9d 	0
most hated movies? about schmidt . 	0
cheesecake or brownies? you can only pick one to have for the rest of your life . cheesecake . hmm yes cheesecake . raspberry swirl cheesecake ;) 	0
@bigbro_teamdani brendon is far more of a bully , imo 	1
tonight when the darkness comes why dont we treat it like a friend?r then we'll both be glad to see the night and we'll be hoping it's never gonna end.r so dont be afraid of what the night time may bring you must understand that you can dream of anything i like y . 	0
@thebremobile i've been bullied all last year and for these 4 weeks of this year . im tired of it now if i threaten them they'll be like okay 	1
what is happening around you? nothing . my boo is studying and im f sing :d 	0
how many times were you on the phone to someone today? once . 	0
what would you do if you found $100 at a movie theater? look around see if anyone is there but if im the last one there..pocket it :) aha 	0
like how many photos do you have on fb? i used to have a ton more than i do now . why aren't we friends on fb yet?? sahara 	0
ok this is tatum krista&39;s friend this is her profile thing and i wanted to go on hers cut she told me she had ?s on here r she dint answer cut there stupid and i wanted t o read them so i did but she told me about you and she is not obe sed with you aha whatever r dude you don't even know anything she does . i don't even fucking know you ! you don't even fucking know me ! like seriously get the fuck off of my profile like for real im done with her bullshit it's fucking annoying . you can ask anybody ask any of my friends . she is fucking obsessed goodbye!! 	1
new article: twilight producers deny bullying twilight fan read more http://is.gd/q97pxo 	0
whats your favorite out on space and facebook? space for the freedom of creativity :] and casebook for the social aspect . 	0
if you could be invited to one person's birthday party whose would it be? justin bieber's day parr tay y ! aha 	0
are you studying or working? studying to be a nurse . working to save the world with kindness <3 	0
i cant tell you that because it would give it away..but i dint know you personally last year.. do you play any sports? 	0
i got bullied by @7kennethchia7 and @mad_jan ): 	1
i hope not fool i like her . she is bomb as fuck and she got body ! sry fo spell in ya name wrong lil mama sahara dude you're a bass 	0
the chicken flies at midnight..don't tell anyone aha ok it'll be our secret 	0
do you have a calendar from 2001 hanging in your room?: no . aha show your face . 	0
have you ever cried from being so mad? yes . i always cry when i get mad . its dumb sometimes lol because people think i'm sad and im soo not :] 	0
yeah i met them at their show :) got a free shirt too . serious? your so lucky 	0
@biancassantiago i am big bully and big belly ! :d 	1
i see (: you see nothing foolish child ! 	1
rebecca black leaves school after bullying: 'friday' sensation will now be home-schooled by her… http://goo.gl/o48im 	0
@s_eiler your being the official bully isn't enuff , now you have to get others on tl to bully me as well :'( 	1
who was your first celebrity crush? dint have one 	0
u naked no pee 	0
who's the funniest person you know? prob . me or my see step (robbie) sahara makes me wanna shit myself every time she speaks lol 	0
@isi_sky some sc moments were cute . :-) maru got bullied twice in that skit . lol ! 	1
have you ever seen a cloud shaped like a thing? what was it? lol yes and i dont remember . 	0
hey you know that surf et is the only female smurf.. do you think she a hoe? nash 	0
aha to late i already sent you u onee[; oo i guess you're too quick for me ;) 	0
what's your second favorite color? yellow . 	0
do you know how to knit? yes 	0
do you ever think you smile too little? not at all!! i smile too much 	0
]= do you wanna die? 	1
favorite snl (saturday night live) cast member ever? you should ask my sister that . she obsessed with snl.r sweetiepie18 <-- i have no idea . i dont watch it . 	0
@smsmsmboaryeo he too small ehh..ppl all like to bully him..haizz.. 	1
christian bully?: a local st . mary's county woman recently confronted a grieving father about an unsubstantiate.. http://t.co/7syw98q 	0
so the lil bro is the bully on bully beat dwn..wtf big bro 	1
what did you think of miners video for ;love the way you lie; (ft rihanna)? i havent seen it yet i really like his cd though . 	0
@kawann_12 being ah bully , ha ga cant beat bobo dt up ! 	1
have u ever seen a falling star? yes actually i finally did . with timothy . 	0
do you scream on rollercoasters? have too ! :) it makes it so much more fun . 	0
ars having s a little bully aha a 	1
the mouthy housewives are on clogher . what do you think , would you save your kid from a bully or let them work it out? http://ow.ly/6ea6g 	0
god forbid , but if cctv was in your firm , would 'big brother' see staff acknowledged/appreciated or intimidated/bullied? bullying 	0
where is your biological mother right now? ink . 	0
have you ever had your heart broken? yup yup!!:p 	0
nj bully law: lunch-line aggressors can be reported to police by classmates through anonymous tips..: the an.. http://t.co/n8nux3p 	0
have you ever gotten stitches? nope . 	0
how often do you check your voice mail? every other we or so 	0
thinking how i get betrayed and bullied by my close friends in the past . i even nearly get beaten up . it's my life . 	1
if given the chance would you like to come back as a ghost? eh no i dont think so . i guess i would rather go up and see all the others that have already passed on and catch up with them . :) i look forward to that eventually :) 	0
your ugly . ooh well thanks s yu ur soo 	1
i hope your ass whole gets sniffed by aids hope you get aids (: 	1
@itmakesyoublind hello matt or should i say cyber bully , terrorist and bully not to mention gay ! cyber bully bully terrorist spam much?15 	1
can you see my halo? nash 	0
what did you do over the weekend? laid around with timothy :) watched movies and made each other dinner . 	0
iloveeyouu<3 they need a hop off now . or them bitches s gonna get hit&apos; mhmm;) 	1
here&39;s an idea how about stop trying o get hook up with tabitha and actually find someone who can suck you 3inches dick sahara doubt that will ever happen . no girl likes a p evert and a douche(: :d your perfect . 	1
sqipchat* stop the bull – a parent & educators guide to cyber bullying: stop the bull – a parent & educators gui.. http://t.co/hltrjec 	0
♫ rebecca black leaves school due to bullying http://bit.ly/pm4zbb 	0
what was so great about jumping on the bed as a kid? you felt like you could fly :d 	0
bully-q sponsored by nhs cheerleaders . see a cheerleader to purchase a ticket . 	0
@_huii_ 10 of me?? no no i am one unique camel ! haha..who's bullied u? 	1
do you like ketchup? love it :] 	0
are you barefooted right now? yes :) 	0
say your driving down the road in the middle of the night and theres a kid on the side of the road screaming for help do you stop? thats a really hard question because ive gotten mails saying that high jackets are using baby car seats on the side of roads to get women to stop and see if theres a child in them and then kill them and take their car ! i would kind of think the same thing . i would polly pull over if timothy was with me defiantly . but alone i'd have to pass and turn around..contemplating. he always tells me not to stop . cause i used to all the time 	0
kids' bullying is an adult problem . learn more about the role adults play in bullying epidemic: not just child's play . coming sept 2011. 	0
what is the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning? go back to sleep ! sahara 	0
soda or pool aid ?? water!! 	0
i hate when the smallest bitches try to bully the big girls o_o. u sure u wanna ride the ride? 	0
@richhrumors plc dna tell me u a twitter bully lol 	1
i am off for the night . i have to try to get some sleep . leave me things? thank you ! <3 kk 	0
@niketa: you might be interested in this pledge for online videos: http://t.co/lihrq7u & my blow on cyber-bullying http://t.co/pgfmhby 	0
100factsaboutme 34. finding out some celebs was bullied when they was younger makes me feel like i wasnt the only one x 	1
are most of your dreams realistic (that it feels like it can actually happen in real life) or non realistic (you flying)? bunch a dream questions..hahaha r r its a mix of both real and nonrealistic..mostly weird once again . 	0
if your eyes reflected everything you have ever don would you look people in the eyes? yes 	0
chilling u homo=o. 2500msg jazz u are a nerd lmao=p mao hmm all those lost times who u calling a nerd havent been on here for the longest time wea u been hiding nerd thats right you been seeking lol 	1
whoever bullied justin last time , i bet they've really regret it d: aha . he was a zero but now he's our hero ❤ 	1
what do you mean? what drama did you cause? people keep talking about me on your page :/ 	0
if you could become any fictional character who would you be? errmm..harry potter? lol 	0
who is your favorite star wars character? dint get into star wars much actually 	0
piratee's or ninja's? aha pirate ess . 	0
do you like your name? yep 	0
do you honestly think you can talk more s iht than i can? no talking shit your good at i like to base the facts :p 	1
;show your face anonymous; wtf?! you make no sense you fake ugly bitch i never said i did 	1
how to prevent bullying in jackson schools | jackson nj regional news – toms river , brick , howell , new egypt , lakewood: http://t.co/flacttx 	0
why do you do this to ashlee? i am ashley due 	0
what was the worst concert you went to? martina mcbride my step dad made me take my mom for mother's day . it was fucking gay y 	1
@hausofrobert i don't read the comments on gaga s videos anymore haters try to bully by saying bad things ignore them 	1
can you come to my party tonight t ?? who iss thi is ?? 	0
what do you think is your most attractive feature? hmm ? 	0
@ian_ianization hi ian ! i everyday watch your show leh!! dont bully a ha and zhiyong!! dont join gang and lij ie chou nu ren ! &lt;3 	1
who is your bestfriend?? you are :) 	0
what's one food you'll never eat again? brussel sr outs ! yuck ie ! b hut i love cabbage and they're mini cabbages ! mao ! 	0
whatu2019s the best feeling in the world? accomplishment 	0
i do too know you like that motherfucker . k ]: 	1
what would be the worst disease to have? ink there are a ton of disease out there . but if your just wanting a random disease to look up and learn about . look up infertile sch it eph reni a . its when a child or adolescent is very smart but go into stages and suck their thumbs and act as if they are two or three to get attention . like an add child would run around crazily to get attention . its pretty bad . 	0
do you like never shout never kinda 	0
@laurenakalozza bully ! ♥ 	1
if you could go on vacation for the next month with an unlimited budget where would you go? i would so travel thee world visit my overseas best ies then shop everywhere!<3 	0
@hilzfuld i disagree again- naked women is not a form of protest against bullying , its cheap . 	0
most of you said your parents kept them . don't you find that creepy in a way? nash 	0
not not yum yum 	0
do you eat any weird mixture of foods? yes . 	0
@cbodacious15 is a bully:( 	1
the awkward moment when you make a status on casebook saying you hate bullies then a bully likes it . 	0
"@ironmanmanny125: i have anger issues that have yet to be resolved"&lt;==lmaoo u vent in n shit..fuckin bully ml 	1
new ways to track your kids online: web programs and apps alert parents to sex ting , bullying and other problems . http://t.co/n3x6ptp 	0
do you wear a watch? nope time is not of essence to me 	0
any make up tips? i suck at doing my make up lol sure ! like tell me what u won a know?! like what do you use?! 	0
"i used to get bullied by the popular girls in my school . today , i am the popular one , and my bullies go to my shows." - @ladygaga. 	1
moss dads think your student may be going through bullying in school ? some signs&gt; http://t.co/f3ttztr family health 	0
@mssweetjoness i remember when you was a bully , turned out to be a decent young lady lol , shout out to howard ave n nye ave days 	1
whats ur space page?? i don't have one anymore i deleted it 	0
wheniwas13, i'd got bullied emotionally and physically all the time . one of my most depressing years in life . 	1
did you know you are a male anagram of hitler? whats that? :/ aha a 	1
mao o bullying hae xd 	0
when you say you don't care do you mean it? not always . but i don't say idc very much . aha 	0
i liked a @youtube video http://youtu.be/xnexgyfutnc?a ta eye on and syngman bullying sooyoung's minnie mouse (hyper much 	0
are you fake? no are you 	0
ask me any th include your user info ing who are u? 	0
scary movie rules to live by don't bully the socially awkward kids , trust me his bullying comes with a few bullet shells . 	0
yeah and thanks for having my back the next time someone tells me their going to kill me..honestly..no one in my life has ever told me that until yesterday.. by oxo ashley to she wants me 	1
the genie is about to disappear.. hurry..tell him your last wish i wish to cure world hunger ! 	0
check out resources from ywvca's family violence prevention project . info on bullying & teen dating violence prevention http://ow.ly/66or6 	0
education when bullies attack self-defense book for kids with optional video http://t.co/jlj6fps 	0
@agreeneamb wasps bully!! lol 	1
when was the last time someone hit on you? people dont hit on me lol 	0
since some of you want me to spam them ill spam 10 qs ok if you dont want them ill un follow you but hit me up quick!! :)) ha-ha your fine :) i like your questions . 	0
was the last time your heart pounded like crazy for a good or bad reason? last time me and my boyfriend got pulled over for our license plate light being out . i owe some fines and dint want to have to deal with that crap . but she dint do anything . she let us go..thank goodness ! 	0
one weird fact about you ive only been flipped off once in my entire life and it was when i first started driving . some guy cut me off coming onto a highway from a ramp..so i flipped my lights to let him know i was there because i had to slam on my brakes . and he flipped me off . r it hurt my feelings and throw a fit anytime im with someone with road rage that flips someone else off . i make them feel bad about why it was even necessary in the first place..hahaha 	0
hey you.. who thought you about ;musta; ? =) hahahaha :) i'd say it was a little bird but i think it was one smart cookie 	0
are your days full and fastu2013paced? they used to be and i like them to be that way but any more with timothy in my life they agent 	0
what lip did u get pierced o.o?? ;) dominic . you're. an . asshole . <3 	1
@rafayagha i don't like people being bullied . i am the voice for the voiceless . 	0
i am using http://mobile.formspring.me to ask y'all in just one click.. =) do you guys have twitter? follow me plus =) http://twitter.com/coquettishdiva =) no twitter . and kudos for mobile form spring :) 	0
watch this video . do you agree that these girls are entirely too young to be dancing in such a manner? http://ww.youtube.com/watch?v=wjehii-jjhe&amp;feature=youtu.be hmm 	0
what was the worst concert you went to? never been 2 1 the was bad . 	0
favorite female comedian? dont have one 	0
my'liek is a fucking bully i swear 	1
@djlbully shut up bully.. u love me 	1
are you picky about spelling and grammar? yes . when its nest essay 	0
excuse me but whoever the fuck that is under me can shut their fucking mouth you don&apos;t tell someone to go kill themselves motherfucker you go kill your self seeing as you have nothing better to do then lurk her form spring . sahara i love you u (: 	1
how would you handle if your partner was pressuring you into sex when your not ready? i would tell th 	0
the congressmen's & senator's daughters that i went 2 shenandoah valley academy with told me about their father's being bullied & threatened 	1
i'm being bullied!! @wetdreams14 @lucienchristian @future_md @mjem989 @byrd8901 	1
@no_kamryn oh that sounds worse than my bully.. jus cut mines a girl 	1
jabbawockeez.. what do you think about them? i think they are in star wars yes? aha 	0
about how many pairs of jeans do you own? like 6 or so but i like a couple enough to wear all the time . ;] 	0
do u wanna get raped? ;) here not really why don't we just have sex? :d hahahaha 	0
@wildyetdivine she's just a little hater hypocrite . her tweet s were full of hate to anyone . it's called being a bully . 	1
always wear your seat belt? yep 	0
and last q for the moment..is duck tape made out of ducks? eh idk? 	0
how often do you flick people off? never . i hate that . 	0
fucked guys flirt with every bitch on here lol girls too okay anonymouser?? 	0
damn girl cover up ur damn ass boobies!! (.)(.) 	1
what do you think of christina aguilera's new vid for ;not myself tonight;? its good . i like how she incorporated her life in her new west album . after her having a kid and all.. 	0
there isn't much tv better than bully breakdown 	0
i just had a mini span attack :s.. does that ever happen to you or am i freak? [answer nicely to this one yeah] :d you're a freak sweety 	1
list 5 people you know . then describe each of them in 5 words . timothy . april . mother . chelsea s . &amp; you.r loyal . funny . stressful . parties &amp; interesting . 	0
do you prefer to be blissfully unaware? or know what going on though it may hurt to know? know whats going on because then it was my choice to be hurt . 	0
@postculturist @dandouglas @rodti a bully swan once stole my dad's banana . no one laugh 	0
what are you most excited about right now? umm summer be in almost here ! who isnt? aha 	0
christina aguilar or lady gaga? christina always . 	0
do you prefer scary movies or comedy movies? comedy 	0
do you curse? yea 	0
whatu2019s your favorite piece of jewelry? my sweet sixteen ring . 	0
'if..' is a tense exercise in breeding anarchy . i wouldn't put up with that kind of bullying ! @criterion blu-ray rev . http://t.co/knu4fuu 	0
i don't know why she's always bullying me when i'm down .. 	1
are you a morning or night person? night 4shuree!! 	0
brodie’s law to be used to cut out school bullying – sydney morning herald: students or parents involved in cybe.. http://t.co/svtk3gy 	0
on average how many texts do you send a day? 12 lol 	0
what age would you like to have kids? 25 	0
frank , with a bullied past , calls jacques "jock" super thon 	1
contraries rhys muldoon is a bit of a opinionated bully boy ! 	1
your so stupid you say your not pretty to people so they can be like oh your so pretty blah-blah-blah!! so can you stop?? i mean i totally agree with you your ugly as shit no worse than ugly as shit so go die . hahahahaha mao okay . 	1
education nation: bullying | turn to 10 http://t.co/sxtiwtp 	0
@barackomamba the old host of bully breakdown 	0
agent u guys going out? nah buddy..so who are you? 	0
why do hot dogs come in packs of ten while hot dog buns only come in packs of 8? to make life a little less in convent for the every day hot dog eater . 	0
@shaneawesome @dicosmo609 @resa_resa23 @blu_berrii mao see what i mean.. lol bully beef 	0
@kazza1878 ahahaha a getting bullied on twitter . hate my life ! tell in ginge not to marry you now ! x 	1
gomez fact helena got bullied at school cause she was in barney & friends . well look where she is now , haters dont win . 	1
are you a friendly person? yes sure am :) 	0
when's the last time you've been sledding? last snow season 	0
children with severe food allergy bullied - story in the mail - http://t.co/q3kijvj 	0
fuck me fuck yourself . 	1
@yrgreatestluv @francispiration ya la u everyday bully him sia.. 	1
do you feel that children should be sheltered from unhappiness? nop.e 	0
internet hatmaker rebecca black is now being home schooled because of the bullying she was receiving at school.. http://fb.me/hvymezyr 	1
deadwood says bullying is wrong , wait , scratch that.. bullying is fun ! 	0
may be good at anal you never know!! hey stop bullying him just because he gets his trainers from asda . my mum shops there :o and as for the dad he just shops in pound land . your gay ;) aha a shutt upp laura a you ur thee gay y one e ! 	1
if you could attend any concert what would it be? muse . i want to see them live real bad . 	0
@m_krina you used to get bullied :( 	1
news from prayerthatheals.org - a spiritual defense against bullying http://t.co/wkmbwma constant contact 	0
@t__lourdes aww hugs s look u was bullying me not long ago 	1
what's the last play you saw? vagabond . 	0
@camillecarelli darling i've been bullied my whole life so watch ur tongue ! that was leading a team to success with a little tough love ! xx 	1
fuck no im not jealous of the ugly ass freak . bitch suck my fucked dick . why don't you say that shit to my face you fucking pussy? 	1
what would be the first three words you would teach a parrot if you had one? timmy . wanna . peanut . 	0
wait never mind i am signed in dumb ass(: 	1
call me tomorrow at 7:00 am . ok 	0
if you could eat dinner with any person dead or alive who would it be and where would you go? michael jacko and subway ! doh ! 	0
@tropic_tiff fool u a bully 	1
@tasha_jessiejxx tell me how my stories changed babe . i read the convoy . you bullied holly . your defence is that she took the piss out of u.. 	1
if you were a monster what monster would you be? a nice monster . i would wanna be the closet monster that hides in the closet but really im just nice and want a little kid friend to play with :] 	0
@cthrasherz you know what!? im reporting you!! bully xd 	1
where were you born? fort poll louisiana . in the united states . it was a military base . 	0
your bio is quite interesting it says ;boo you whore.; are you talking about yourself? i am very confused . jordan i think i remember telling you to leave me alone? but its very interesting its from the movie mean girls :) but im very confused in why your still stalking me and trying to put me down stop now :) 	1
well days so tight ur friends wit @truace . how does it feel 2 kno him . since ur his friend u mud kno does he hav a gf? ohh kay y ! first off i was play in i mean he is a really nice person dna kno him like all that ! b hut u should ask him ! 	0
back at good old hrc tonight ! time to bully @katiehalliday aha 	0
r u retarded ? :p j king scientifically probs not but i would say yes lol :s 	1
hey im ashley im tired of everyone commenting on my damn form spring talking shit // 	1
wait wait wait,i never see a poorer excuse ta drop outta school than bullying.like we say back home,smady hit yuh,hit dem to kiss me ass back ! 	0
what did you for lunch? : ] a peanut butter and jelly sandwich 	0
so the white girls bully the black girls on bgc? o_o 	0
@asperger_mom the one that zoey is claiming that i am "bullying" her .. where she defamed and libels me .. lisa jo rudy's blow yesterday . 	1
what would you consider a serious question? a debatable question . 	0
are you in a bad job situation with bully c0-workers? http://t.co/rlbqqpf 	0
check out blood and lace . "@awesomebmovies_: wes craven named freddy krueger after a boy who bullied him in school . film facts horror" 	0
wood you smash ten on k33n?? bx th ian it gay clear a it 	1
if you could be a super-hero which one would you be? eh polly the yellow power ranger..duh? ;] 	0
..if you want to go back to idaho so bad why dont you?? .. texas does want you here anymore than you want to be soo .. just leave!! i would if i could . and texas is a state . if you want me gone so bad buy me a plane ticket hoe . 	1
rebecca black has been bullied out of school but that's what you get when you make crap songs 	1
are you and @truace best friends? ahaha!! yes of course a int dat rite @truace ?!?! aha he so awesome tho ! back off lol uk 	0
@shulinggy u being bullied not new :p 	1
aw see even nico does not t want too go near you . i like that you try and type all ghetto . you dont fucking scare me you bitch . ill fucking kill you if we caught . you'd probably bring your ;ghetto friends; b ahahaha . who would that be? bella and kendall? pff actually i would love to ;go near her; but im not the kind of asshole who puts that sort of unfair pressure on a girl :) and shut the fuck up you're not hardcore you cunt..you probably know nothing about fighting and im sure you'd get fucked up in a real fight so stop acting bass and go a ay unless you're gonna stop being a bitch and do something about it . 	1
what last made you laugh? i was dancing in the kitchen last night while cooking grilled cheese for timmy and we were laughing about it cause i was doing the robot out of the blue :) 	0
what is this i hear about cyber-bullying. grammar nazis , tell your leader alphabet hitler that his days of evil doing are numbered!! 	0
have you ever ridden in a taxi? no 	0
@netvisto lol i don't want you to get cyber bullied :0 i was just playing 	1
things that you cant leave/live without? food ! :d 	0
whats your favorite j . deep movie? oh gosh!! i love jd . hmm.. i really love pirates of the caribbean for ship . but i really liked secret window as well . 	0
growl;] meowl?;d if this a word haha<3 	0
whats the farthest youse been away from your hometown? panama city fl . 	0
how many lies do you think you have told in your life time? a bunch im sure . white lies are the hardest to remember 	0
@jackalltimelow hahahaha you are a professional bully since a kid , now everything makes sense . 	1
how so you spend your christmas eve? with family :) 	0
i'm bored can you tell me something funny? look hahah!! ohhkayy?!?! lol what do you call a deer with no eyes? i have no i deer ! aha classic umm i suck at this aha 	0
oh em gee ! me bully?! very incorrect i'm a sweetheart :) 	1
mao my moss a bully 	1
how many chairs are at your dining room table? we dont currently have a dining room right now aha 	0
cute!! bully cat :-p keke http://t.co/r4hcbeo 	0
@mzlovensn3d aww i get bullied to ! 	1
if you did come back as a ghost where would you haunt? hmm..i dont think i would haunt . i would be like casper the friendly ghost . :) and want to make people friends and have fun all the time :) 	0
r u a dr ty slut? yep ! ! 	1
lalalala a this is not a question ! :o it really isn't. what is this bullshit?! d: 	1
if you could change your name to anything you want what would you call yourself? hmm this one's a stumper..r i guess i would change it to sunshine . i like that . aha 	0
@jcgloves u da biggest bully on twitter 	1
4. i get bullied . 	1
@iloveedome lamb o , i think you just like pickin w . them . you're a bully -.- 	1
peter pan or captain hook u2013 who is cooler? dang . peter pan of course ! 	0
@anastasiamuralt that's glad . mm.. i just wanna know what she think about bullying.. 	0
what is your favorite thing to eat with peanut butter? bananas :] 	0
@kirby_leigh yes i know very good story line!! she did cause get bullied :-( poor jessie 	1
soo you have sex alot? df no 	0
get on yo knees for meh? :3 neva h . 	1
@merrygoldmania yes..there's a black cat in the garden now . i reckon thats jessie's bf . nah cuthberts been bullied out of it lol x 	1
do you watch porn? aha funny question(: i would answer you butt it doesn't matter <$ 	1
what were you in middle school?(emo/prep/jock etc?) ya know . lol middle school? well i've never been emo aha but i don't think ive been any of those . i was really independent from the beginning . soo i was the girl that had glasses and wore the straight legged jeans till jr high but was really funny and everyone liked &amp; was friends with anyways . are o postal was in style big time when i was in middle school so ink i was friends with everyone though . r and i didn't wear make up till i was a jr in highschool!! aha 	0
@chachisparkles me too!![x i miss second grade cause i started getting bullied at 3rd grade /x 	1
what is a act of kindness you have recently done? ive supported a friend that needed comfort . 	0
what makes you think a person is creepy? the vibe they give off 	0
why'd you go to jail? if your going to ask a question like that don't you think if im going to be honest with you you should give me the respect of knowing who you are? 	0
pussy cat dolls or paradiso girls? pcd . all the way ! :) 	0
do you own a graphics calculator? yes when i was in hs 	0
@lordbrandonman getting bullied taint punch http://yfrog.com/h42uikbj 	1
would you be able to make it through basic training for the military? yes i think so 	0
why do they put cru tons in an air tight sealed bag? they are just pieces of stale bread to begin with right? cause they'll get more stale and soft . duhh? 	0
rebecca black quits middle school after bullying: couture sensation rebecca black might have gone from anonym.. http://t.co/ik0fjg5 	0
(once i was bullied . once i wanted to die . once i learned how to make it through . i'm nicole , a http://t.co/2iwolhu via @bieberisakeeper 	1
you tell me :p i would if i could but i cant :( 	0
@_gail__ she didn't want to do it . i made her . bullying kids..hours of fun guaranteed . 	1
the article bully domination system – grab your copy today ! http://t.co/abvr1oe 	0
damn go jack off watching a monkey damn well 	1
what do you think victoriau2019s secret is? ;p aha umm thats on the outside for people to buy beauty is on the skinny models but inside the store there's more for all shapes and beauty is really on the inside . the inside just does sell 	0
after the viewing of said video footage who sees it next? i guess the other people in it? 	0
@morgin_ward i miss seeing your face on the weekends bully :/ 	1
who was ur first kiss umm.. aha i dont know why you want to kn 	0
i've bought one of those anti-bullying wristband . well , when i say 'bought', i snatched it off some short fat ginger kid.. 	1
cyrus? stalker? 	0
do you prefer chinese or mexican? mm hmm i love chinese and mexican . aha 	0
did you get all my questions? cause i've been flooding you for the past few days.. yes . and yes . sarah ive been answering questions forever and still have like 450 questions . i feel like im never going to get through them all . im trying though!! sorry i hadn't gotten on here for a couple weeks . big mistake . i have like two other slammers that killed my into so im still trying to catch up . :] 	0
moss dads key word about school bullying awareness , prevention? involvement&gt; worth it to address the issue . parenting bullying teach 	0
what did you think about before bed last night? about sheep 	0
ur mad ugly . i noe i am.;]<33 	1
how do you get your questions? randomly :) 	0
i h3rd yuh su(k3d @l!x&39;s d!(k n y@ll cum3d !n 3@(h 0+3rszz 3y3sz n m0@n3d @ll n!qh+ l0nq wwf bx th get da uk out hea wid dat ish but i uk like !! 	1
learn how to stop cyber bullying,biatch's: 1. close your laptop 2. you winning ;) 	0
i dont give a fuck . ur friendless previously stated in one of my other comments . except for fire bitch ah-ha i do have friends and i know who they are so don't try to teach me about my own life . 	1
this school year i'm not bullying anyone . i got in to much trouble last year . 	1
809 9501 <--alexis&39;s phone number ma post it on space ! you little bitch ! aha &amp;you better not t ; ill kill you <3 	1
bullying hurts ! rt if u want it to stop ! 	0
it's easy to bully , but the really strong help others . against bullying 	0
what webster do you spend the most time on? oh good 1 twitter (ofcousre) i love me some twitter peeps ! they tha shit lol 	0
i dna believe the rumors about will nd jade soil it ing up . thats a bunch of bull . 	0
@antoinevillasbo what happen to your life? what makes it shitty? so you've been bullying? good good . huh huh . 	1
ff this person was bullied by jessica and those who don't like or talk to jessica should follow this twitter ok . - @jessicahate 	1
stop making fakes of yourself . you are ugly as fuck . you're not actually 16 bitch . and you're deaf not a cyrus . get a mother fucking life cunt . i don't make fakes of myself person so get your fakes straight js 	1
what's your fave song? my fav song girly!! is umm.. up &amp; running by @jessicajarrell atm ! but i have lots :) hbu!? 	0
@tweetthisbihh u probably did it..bully me now u trying 2bully my love ones mao 	1
i heart<3 you u . ahhh ii love e you moree(: 	0
would you rather date a lot of different people or be in a committed relationship? both? lol ! uk 	0
y0 lip bit in pic up lie jazz fuck!! n ya dick small alix told me!! nigra yew jug z ugly!! bx th uk wrung wid yo no life a i hh nd an it gay so alix an it see mi dik so get ghost uk face hoe !! 	1
dearest babydoll vv stop trying to start shit &amp;&amp; grow the fuck up . i mean really? is this what you do for a living is ask people if they&39;re fake &amp;&amp; ruin peoples lives? grow some balls grow up &amp;&amp; stop starting stuff(: :) a who thank you 	1
eyes gay? sahara tora vez con la miasma pregunta u00acu00ac' xd queen sos? 	1
so tell me where do you think the fs perks come from? why do you think they are pervy? ink i dont have them 	0
@meandtig looks like your the "mean tweeter" and the "cyber bully". let it go..it's tv ! kelly does fine , with her own hurtful words . 	1
how the political right bullied the department of homeland security into ignoring the threat of ri.. http://t.co/bdwjf8w 	0
i guess when their backs are up against the wall j&j show their true colors . jeff=bully jordan=spoiled brat cbs big brother sad 	1
linda harvey: ‘there’s no proof’ that lgb people exist http://t.co/2nqrh3a via @lgbtqnation lgb glut gay glen lesbian school bully 	0
dc is a big bully: http://t.co/guymqx8 	0
pretty gurrl(: aha thanks (: 	0
when was the last pity party you held for yourself? i dont hold them enough i think.. 	0
best bully sticks spotlight on a breed: we honor caddie the american eskimo: we always love getting mails from .. http://bit.ly/rlus4m 	0
@delenafan23 a bully is bullying one of my bff's and i stood up for her but now is bully bullying me on fb!! :o well , she's trying ;d hah ! 	1
people don't know when 2 stop!! people need stop bullying it is getting annoying!! 	1
who was the last person to piss you off? timothy 	0
hi april!! hey :d 	0
@katiestars bullying the opposition is what ny fans do , unfortunately.. 	1
have you ever been arrested? yes 	0
@iamnotnickmills your laughter cuts like a knife..quit cyber bullying me you dick!! 	1
you are nasty . (: so are you 	1
@xmarkhenry @xzackryder @xnattiebynature -_-he is a bully ugh ! god 	1
what word describes you best? unpredictable . 	0
my son is home from camp and had so much to talk about ! not to mention , he made a lot of friends and stood up to a cursing bully :o 	1
what're you holding in your photo? lol just curious :] its a chicken finger :] 	0
the children living next door are being horribly abused by their parents . the only way to stop the abuse is to adopt the children and care for them in your home . would you? thats really a hard question . and to be honest i dont think i could care for the amount of children that are being abused and self sacrifice my entire life for them . thats really harsh and makes me sound awful but that exact scenario is happening next to my parents house and when i was about 18 i thought that is something i would have been willing to do but now i see them and how far they are that it would almost be year unfair and unsuccessful on my part for them . its all they know . and if the state wont do anything its sad to say but what could i do by ripping them from the only home they do know and tell them its all wrong . i guess im not that selfless . and its like 12 kids . so that would be a lot . ink . but right now i dont think so . just because im not in any way capable of taking care of them any better right now anyways . other than the not abusing them but whats worse? 	0
mao you so dumb ! one tv show and you said a whole tv channel.. lol . anyway how are you mr . ching? :-)<br> mao ah speech caught me see that's what happens when that kush kicks in makes you forget shot lol n im good mama wbu?? 	1
i remember when someone told me that private colleges r better than state schools coz they bully in the state schools..b.s! 	1
how to stop bullying - information you need: bullying no longer happens just on the school playground . the probl.. http://bit.ly/oeuf3g 	0
y is the sky blue? the sky is blue because of your mom . 	1
why do butterflies die after a week? (you can make a creative answer =) do they die after a week :( 	0
why do you think people give smart ass answers to questions? yes 	0
@reasonvsfear i guess it's this..i was so beaten down by name calling and bullying as a child that i can never diminish its importance.. 	1
@jeymami mao , i kno u right . but they should take it personal . damn so ma internet bully now , sh lol i hope i dont drive nobody crazy 	1
how old r u?? ur soo cute and cool..nawtt your a ugly little slut i bett ur gonna have a baby by the time u turn 13 you think its all cute to be on every guy its not everyone just thinks ur annoying!! act ur age really bitch..r grow the fuck up and why dont ;you act your age!;r why the fuck do you actually take your time writing this shit if i obviously dont give a shit what you thinkk..bt dobbs i am 13 you fucking dumbass!r and ;slut?;really?..r wow .. how more pathetic and i mature can you get??r again r grow up ! 	1
you don't have a big butt ni69az. they're lying to you!(: damn slut to 	1
who was the last person to make you laugh the hardest? timmy . he held me down and tickled me 	0
(if it were to save a life) would you ever give mouth to mouth to a person with herpes? ohh uhh?? no to be honest . 	0
did you hang out with moises today because i saw his status and it said your name?? and if you did how do you even know him like your in 7th grade for crying out loud?? yes i did and dont worry about it:) 	1
@emilyosment you are an amazing actress and your will power in cyber bully makes me want to help other people who have been bullied like me.. 	1
hey kids!! being bullied on the playground? stop the torment right now by learning how to screech like a pterodactyl!! 	0
@angels510 @haldockins got to bully other attorneys for 7 years!! gotta love that 	1
do you crack your knuckles? used to don't anymore.. 	0
enlighten me.. okay y 	0
@lucha_deer oh wow , i managed to bully a man 8 years older than me . score ;) now bring me wine gums , jeeves ! xx 	1
aha [: here :} 	0
funny background statement => sahara thanks a ton . i laughed when i read it :] 	0
do you like traveling? how often do you think you ride in a car? yes!! i dont much now but i like to travel 	0
aha ge i wonder ? [; ha i like e you kidd <3 aww may be you should tell me who you are so we can get to know each other kid ;) <3 	0
what kind of monster did you use to be afraid of? the creepy guy that crawls in little girls windows and does bad things to them in the night . 	0
so whats up nm..just chilling 	0
@suitelifeofstar lol you pulling ball players , you must have guns 	1
@bellathorne143 courage is fire , and bullying is smoke . 	0
have you ever been to georgia<33? :] no but i wanna go their 	0
sex t me<3 ;) give me your number<3 ;) 	0
do you own a bathrobe? no 	0
@littlecbeadles you are actually bullying me by telling me not to bully . 	1
if i could fly i would've gone to __. the winter olympics in vancouver . supposed to be gorgeous :] 	0
i can be your sex sex toy i i can be your sex sex toy i can be your mall ibu barbie i can play play for you baby when you get lonely i said i can be your hannah montana i can make you move in ways you cant imagine . sahara 	0
continued .. she barged in the girl was sitting next to me .. next thing i knew the girl was &apos;floating&apos; in the air beside me lamb o .. emily had grabbed her by the hair and totally pulled her out of her seat lol .. continue .. wat the hell she cant five for sizzle lol 	1
@kasmua right ! i had a very cruel little boy who went way beyond bullying me in the 3rd grade & no one would help me ! 	1
i mean go ahead- play , but i don't get why you're doing it . basically , bullying a daft old man without reason's not that funny . knock and run 	1
@dnas shot iono.. i got hella shyt.. esp rockstar.. off the top of my head , the gta's..bully..re4..princeofpersias..twistedmetalblack..etc 	0
my cousin called me a bully :( http://t.co/qteoe9w 	1
@duckslikevodka might have to change my name and go on the lamb and wander the earth from town to town to avoid him . he's a bully ! 	1
its cool how you swear when your only 13 :) i know 	0
are you a sore loser? not at all 	0
are you famous or something? i haven't heard of you.. [x no pee 	0
favorite food when it's sizzling hot? hmm..popcicles. i dont eat much when its really hot outside . 	0
what song did you last sing out loud? we are family . 	0
@carouselcarouse --ive been seriously bullied in the past where people would treat me like a kid the same way , so it affects me a bit woops 	1
you're fucking pathetic so are you for commenting my form spring 	1
i jizz to your pics all the time.r :] ..r not creepy at all 	1
favorite movie based on celebrity life? anything jennifer lopez aha 	0
@endbullying2day victims of bullying have no summer vacation . thanks for spreading the word . read the post http://t.co/fzms2z4 	0
bj or hj? omg . :o lola 	1
do you have a favorite beatles song? hmm i love the beatles :] 	0
@cleggy153 aha legend ! but on the bright side we can bully dom on here and he wont know ! 	0
nuff bully vans on mare street strip ! .. 	0
@super8lover0601 @thezachmills ya i get bullied a lot and bullies make people feel really bad 	1
omg ! @kissmyassley & @omgitsflenoid are making fun of me and my sleeping habits :( i'm feeling unloved and cyber-bullied! 	1
@megan_belleamie yeah!:) esther and sophy were bullying me but its all good;) wish you could have too ! we're seeing them thursday though :d ♥ 	1
one thing you want badly for money not to be the root of all evil and the rule of most of humanity . i hate money . 	0
when i don't have my phone i bully my mom for hers lol 	1
nope actually this is ..who was told by one if the people that was there so stick that in your juice box ur mad gay and dna be annonomouss.;] butch stick the in ur juice box hoe!! 	1
some hitechwatch: "policymaking and the bully pulpit" http://ow.ly/6gini 	0
@hbluvsddlovato they're bullying her th . 	1
do you give out second chances too easily? way y too easily y ! 	0
@vickafarahdiba tel bgt,mb..say no to bullying 	0
@gracebrixton ha bully back? ;) 	1
i like when kids try to bully my son on the playground . scissor kicking toddlers next to the jungle gym is one of my fav pastimes . 	1
have you ever been bitten by a spider? if yes what happened? yes and it got all swollen and red and blah h lol 	0
how old will you be turning on your next birthday? 22 again.. 	0
teachers bullied and abused on social networking sites http://t.co/gjf4gcs 	0
do you answer phone calls when you don't know the number? nope 	0
stop bullying ! i'm here for you &lt;3 	0
what are your plans for the rest of the day? don't make plans . 	0
what's your favourite part of you on the outside and your favourite part on the inside? outside . smile r inside . personality 	0
484 264 3364 ; you should call me . okay . 	0
what's the worst thing that a friend did to you? i had my first 3 way attack on the phone when i was in 8th grade . that was pretty dumb aha 	0
do you watch american idol? if so who are you voting for this season? aww man you just reminded me ! i etc h it sometimes b hut i love big mike ! ppl are really wrong bout letting katie go!! arch . . 	0
do you toss and turn for hours at night or fall right to sleep? nope 	0
you people do realize that by you bullying katy perry just make you a hypocrite to what you believe in &to what gaga has taught you? 	1
i hate when form spring messes up don't you ? -_- sometimes 	0
glad to be back home ! i missed my bed (as stated earlier)! & i finally have fast internet & cable ! oh , & (bullying) my mother.. lol 	1
what's your fav brand of chips? g r i p p o s !! 	0
kelly osbourne goes from fat to big fat bully: in case you don’t spend your free hours hanging on every vapid de.. http://bit.ly/nptbcn 	1
did u now the ur u ali i love e ahh haterr<3 but did you know that your uglier than my dogs shit? nash just kidding i'm not a bitch h like youu(: 	1
last time you had butterflies in your stomach? its been awhile.. 	0
what's your real name? to sha hae jin good in . real as it gets lol 	0
how many times a month do you go to the movies? i used to go a lot . but now i dont go so much . waiting for a really good new movie to come out ! 	0
new york or paris? never been to either . so ink yet :] 	0
what's up? how's timmy and you? aha not too much . we're okay ! :) sahara how are you? i missed talking to you actually . 	0
have you ever eaten at a food court? yep 	0
as real as it gets: bullying victims can fight back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty http://t.co/iisc47d 	0
so we have come to this as a society: mtv has a show called bully breakdown . end times 	0
do you regularly watch the news? no but i get online a lot 	0
lol r u a lesbian?real talk.be honest.everyone says it lmaoo.its ok if u r thats hot that legit gross . 	1
what was the most painful thing you had to tell someone? painful? i had to tell my parents that i had gotten a due and was going to jail for 15 days . 	0
@apple_bonkers how do you know her song is getting bullied and she isn't? do you know her? fame doesn't equal immunity from life . 	1
who do you like? umm..ahh hot seniorr(: 	0
what item of clothing do you have the most of? tanks :)i wear them under everything ! 	0
and you called me fat why? i don't know i'm sorry 	1
where was the last place you visited for days? my parents 	0
@thejordaneers oi dont call him a work ya bully :op 	1
vv this chick a int gott no friends &amp;&amp; like to start if ppl ..!! lol wow w 	1
for those who give a crap: i am n not dead . i am alive . and recently found out i was pregnant . i will not be getting on here anymore . but please add me on space . links on my page . okay . hope everything goes okay ! :) 	0
@ricky_rozaizeph no . if they were capable they would be doing it . stopping the run doesn't take much . they are too small . getting bullied 	0
@ibiebscanada bully . 	1
don't you get it? this is me getting rid of you . sahara bully 	1
i love you ! love you too april sahara 	0
np waist and power.. i just luv this track.. ku33 i get power call me ecg.. bedroom bully i know u see me..refix mao 	0
mao @_kinkytera a thug i ca int slay her when i say shit she wanna.bully me nd shit lol 	1
@kelly_o_b god i hope so!.. his a vile person ! what a nasty bully 	1
they are pointing to the one about me . you dont know a damn thing about me so stu ! seriously if you new me you couldnt treat me the way you do im a human being and i have feeling so respect that fucking ass hole . im sorry nico . frances don't be so angry this person is obviously jealous of you in some way and they talk shit on you cause they think you'll stoop to their level so they can be even with you..don't worry about them just ignore it<3 	0
yo @simplyyjayy is a big bully ! 	1
how often do you have days where it feels like everything goes wrong? here lately its been a lot.. 	0
what's something unique about ohio? :) we have exits ramps that are for getting on and off at the same time when most states have them separate . most people don't realize that :) aha 	0
@_feliciaaharris not really yu completely said ma bully u and my answer was ok (got me twisted) 	1
are you shy around the opposite sex? not at all 	0
i wish you would turn me down and you be wait in on a ride to bully every friday 	0
what is boring to you? being bored enough to get on form spring ha-ha uk . listening to nagging . i hate nagging . 	0
are you gay? hahahaha who are you? 	1
i love e joiee<3 ii love e you moree:p 	0
if you could be any celebrity for a day who would you be &amp; why? hmm . celebrity? ink . umm perhaps jennifer coniston because she's always trying to do something with the earth and helping others . 	0
i think your gay sorry . umm okayy.. :/ 	1
fav outdoor activity? right now..rollerblading :) 	0
worst place to eat at? mcdonald's 	0
do you like oral sex or sex better? both they both make me excited 	1
i look in my back seat every time i start to get in my car at night . do you think this is a good habit? yes ! i do that too aha 	0
what holiday is closest to your birthday? hmm easter . its always within a week or so :) 	0
then i thought he bullied me because he loved me , but he prove d i was wrong , one more time . 	1
are you involved romantically with anyone right now?: yes 	0
have you ever fell in love with someone who you knew was no good for you? yes . 	0
@bbuk @brianofficial bobby needs threw out that is disgusting sweat gate bully 	0
if a picture is worth a thousand words what's a smile worth? a million :) 	0
when you were a kid what did you want to be when you grew up? actually i was that kid who wanted to be by herself so i guess when i grow up im going to be me lol ! hard question 2 answer . 	0
wee.. we are in the same field =) so you mean you haven't start college yet? yes . ive had two years . im on a waiting list for clinicals..which is americas way of being stupid to the people who are trying to get ahead in life.. 	0
nike or adidas? adidas . 	0
mao huh ok but mess up and all wake up one day with a patch lmafo.. wow u touch my hair all die for sure mao and out have to get me sooner tired or drunk to be able to touch my hair to begin with lol 	1
have you ever wrote a love song? yes :) 	0
why do you always feel the need to tell the whole world how people hit on you all the time . if their creepy its not much of a bragging right just kinda conceited sounding . just saying . okay aha . 	1
sum times i am so thankful so hav little big vista , so i can having fun n bully her lol ♥ ♥ ♥ 	1
you mate minna loves jb here . hey hey ask me anything ! (: hahaha(: right 	0
no bully 	0
do you know how many people your mom has slept with? 2 she told me 	1
@imjustmikeymike yes we are :( lol . you hate me remember? your my bully ! i'm a hoe and bitch you want me to stop breathing remember that . 	1
what time is it? here? 7:51 am :] 	0
does smoking bother you? yes 	0
are you gonna watch the world cup? you know it :] 	0
@dannysuarez20 aww bully.. don't let that bring you down!:/ 	0
something you regretted after it was done? no regrets . 	0
how do you heal a broken heart? duck tape . it fixes everything . 	0
do you like a dti yea 	0
do you think you're fat? nope . actually the science books with the weight chart says im o be ist for my height but they're crazy if i lost weight according to what i ;should be; i'd be skin and bones ! i like a little fat on me sahara 	0
pratt can do bullying . 	0
have you ever kissed someone on the beach? yes 	0
favourite webster on the net? form spring . by far :] 	0
what does tea ach gee mean? do you know what emahsnouoy mean? :] tea ach gee means that i spelled out my initials to be more creative . aha t h g . to sha hae jin good in . tea ach gee . and no i dont know what emahsnouoy means what is it? 	0
i just have to say i do -not- believe the earth will actually end . it is a quote from one of my favorite thought-provoking movies named donnie dark . it's not a '2012' movie either . you'd have to see it . ohh okay . i'll have to check it out then . 	0
do you think your e more serious or sarcastic? sarcastic . :] 	0
this big bitch said i was bullying her cause i called her a big ass ! im confused , cause all i did was state the obvious . 	1
fc or mcdonald? fc mashed potatoes bowl :) 	0
have you ever peed in the woods? multiple times :] 	0
@omarcollabrone how can you cyber bully me?? oh no es 	1
please don't let people commit suicide . i lost my younger brother to suicide . he killed himself because he was being bullied.support gays 	1
@thatcountenance @lweiting she bully me :( 	1
you have to and must answer this ! would you rather.. drink 10 year out of date milk or lick a camels foreskin then give matt wilson head . :) erm i think i would rather go for the second option aha a :) 	1
@tommyjaysmith name in , you answer me even that was a portuguese tweet!! that's bullying my english sucks i know.. 	1
do you hate the last guy/girl you were talking to? nash hates a strong word . 	0
@hotboybilly why are u being so mean ! ur a bully ! 	1
a world without bees; good or bad? bad ! the world without bees would mean we would die out in about 5 yrs..thats really bad ! :(r save the bees ! 	0
where's your ideal holiday destination? umm.. dallas texas ! aha ink im so plain so ink ! mw aha 	0
which is the song that makes you cry? hmm i dont have one right off hand? 	0
(girls)can you belly dance?r (guys)can you break dance? aha no 	0
i den raised my son @shawncollins30 to be a bully..so watch out bitches 	1
@nezziiatl :( y u bully me so? you should come look after me ;) 	1
damn . i hate shi it talkers on form spring g . i thought it was just a random question site thing ah-ha thanks s kidd add yeah i kno o really y huh..theeree soo stupid d there to scared d to say y anything g too my y face 	0
would you actually want to live forever? no i dont think so . i think it would polly get lonesome watching everyone you grow to care about die and go on with out you . knowing that you'll never die . 	0
@jjs1994_ stop bullying me 	1
victory fitness (ww.vicfit.net) will be hosting an anti-bully class on aug 29th and 31st at 630pm. save the date and let others know.. 	0
do you know where your dad was born? ohio 	0
tiger uk keeps getting bullied by his son , lol his son damn hyperactive la omg 	1
do you like the sound of the wind chimes? yes i do :) its calming aha 	0
he gone blow away the bully that just pushed his ass 	1
do any of your close friends have children? my best friend is married to a guy that has a little 2 year old girl 	0
not telling . you will have to just find out on your own . it probably won't be too hard though . aha oh yeah..fml..but you z a bitch ass nigra 	1
what do you think makes a person snap and kill someone? i have no clue . what makes anyone do the mean things they do? we're all human . humans are confusing . 	0
i got bullied today mao :) 	1
can you tell if someone is lying to you? usually i can . 	0
so nick's mother always used to bully him? cool , cool . 	1
chocolate plants r not sweet/they bully & browbeat/foreign students r at the mercy/of that bitter tyrant,hershey/hisses/4 hershey kisses 	0
do strangers try to talk to you too? (one old drunk dude just struck up a convoy with xen at the store.) yes . and its a little creepy 	0
have you ever seen or enjoyed watching the o.c.? yeah when it first came on but not anymore at all 	0
@huffingtonpost being black and being bullied in america is nothing new to the majority of black people dont fet it 	1
@matthewknight17 omg good cause i got bullied a lot ! but that's great . 	1
fav anti sey ?? doesn't have to be sexual do you want to rich or famous or just live on a deserted island ?? anything to live on a deserted island with friends and family away from the world . money . selfishness . mean people . traffic . cliques . bad influences . annoying laws . limitations and live off of the land like an indian :) aha 	0
did you ever get in trouble for talking in class? sometimes 	0
your obsessed about how you look . oh i am? aha thats funny because half the time i dont do my make up or hair unless i have to and then i barely wear make up but thats good you think that i think im ugly so i avoid mirrors . 	1
wait..delete that q about arrest why?? ill let it linger 	1
some people , cyber bully without knowing.. sending anonymous hate comments . it may not affect me but may affect others . stop bullying ! 	0
do you think people talk about you behind your back? im sure . people find anything to talk about for everyone . 	0
@weigenn you bullied me . 	1
have you heard a new song today? not today :( 	0
i'm not one for violence or reality tv . but , bully breakdown on mtv2 is very entertaining . just sayin' 	0
you're the bitch :) fuck off . i'm not a dog hun 	1
is your room messy or super neat? in between . i have a boyfriend that likes to contribute to my clean ness with his messiness . 	0
whom do you most look like in your family? my sister . :0 	0
happy? no.. 	0
@billyblanco_ @djlbully nigra used to be a real herbalist bully ink wham ah deal with 	0
that's all for tonight peeps . remember to send me a message in my into if you don't want any further questions from me . :) kk 	0
high heels or rubber shoes? high heels :] 	0
aww you'll have some beat my ass? your not ;badass; enough to do it yourself? exactly what i meant by pussyss<33 cause you're probably a fucking girl . tell me who you u are and ill do it myself . 	1
@_scorpio_xx i've never seen myself as anything else i guess being bullied all ur life takes a toll 	1
revlon if you are against bullying - › this must have more notes http://t.co/ccamcop 	0
do you like beef jerky? love it 	0
:) are you currently happy in your life right now? im a very happy person but i could defiantly be happier with some different aspects i my life . 	0
@mtvnews do you have any advice for a girl who gets bullied a lot at school?? how do you stay so confident?? mtv gaga 	0
a jul a no dont fokin talk tu herr ! vv aha i noe i saw lol lame ass desire ate 	1
when was the last time you completely broke down? last night . 	0
i am off here for a bit . gotta hang out w . x century . <3 leave me things . thank you . kk . have fun ! 	0
ever been high/drunk? both . :] 	0
hater is back in my page lol slap n tickle comment?? 	1
don't you hate it when people lie to you about coming over? nash i dont think ive ever had someone lie to me about coming over? ha 	0
ewe okay i know im ew 	1
i am done slamming for the day . leave me things . thanks <3 have a good rest of the day ! kk 	0
what color is your favorite hoodie? hmm green <3 	0
favorite color? purple : ) 	0
my lit to bro is really dumb . he's pretty lame and he just told me that i'm a jerk and now he's hitting my hand ! bully 	1
do you watch bugs crawl on the floor?: show your face . 	0
your in 7th grade . stop trying to grow up so fast its not cute . you&apos;ll grow up at your own pace . stu you obviously dont know me i dna try to grow up to fast just begun i chill with older ppl 	1
how often do you check on your formspring? usually during the week everyday . but on the weekends im with timmy so not too often ;) 	0
follow-up to ' signs your child might be getting bullied' moss dads http://t.co/vsfxkhd parenting kids 	0
wow ur girl ;dani; has a lot of guys on her top..but i&39;m sure u have nothing to worry about . (; nope i don't have anything to worry about dina . because i trust her . 	1
are your dreams mostly sweet or bad? weird . not sweet but not really bad . just weird..like putting potatoes in the ref rider at or or think in the world is ending and im dancing in weird clothes or jumping around yelling in public . sahara so weird . i know . 	0
bully ! 	0
longest relationship? 1 year and 3 months 	0
do you like bodtf? yea :) 	0
do you judge people on what they look like? negative . i think we as humans all tend to sometimes but its all in unintentional purpose . so i try not too :) 	0
@islasays bully 	1
join elise in one hour at her new time . to days topic cyber bullying vs bullying for kids on the spectrum autism and tick 	0
he's perfect with a frown the bully always wins 	0
mountains or beach? beach . 	0
i'm not fake (:r sorry . liar 	1
if you can change something about the world's history.. what would it be? to find out if hitler was really what the jews have made him out to be or if things were just blown way out of proportion and history just wrote itself like that..idk to be honest what is true anymore . i mean pluto can t even make up its mind if its a planet or a moon . how the heck are we supposed to know whats real or whats just wrote in the books for us to be made to believe happened? 	0
mao o . jealous bitches make me sick!(; so nico o aha ah what th fx ck is up ! :d ba aha ink :) whats go in on? 	0
bully 	0
@l_jiawei wtf? where got pole name like that one? no la,you don't anyhow thing . that day all bully one handicap . noon 	1
love you hoe e its daniel len is !:) <33 	1
do you like e chicks? like like women? no . like baby chickens? yes :] 	0
do u have a gag reflex? do you have a name? 	1
byron is pulling me les -__- 	1
you're a b abbey ! you wanna throw down ese? 	1
:o omg just read that this bully of @hollycollett is also a heartbeat im sorry , they a int heartbeats if they're bullying . 	1
what was the last thing to scare you? hmm i havent been scared in a while 	0
any new and exciting news youu2019d like to share? i need a job sahara 	0
@xroxxi cant hardly remember anything lol , u go in out on monday? i have ben bullied into it ! aha xx 	1
@izzylloydcarter look ! bullying? you? nash never tha at *hugs* 	1
@rstrums29 @dtf_fresh lol word living it up u c we da only nigger wit coats on u kno we was on da bully lol french club days 	0
if you could hear what someone is thinking for a day who would you choose? hmm..god? 	0
do you cry often or keep it inside? keep it inside . almost always 	0
do you know a alcoholic? nash 	0
do you eat ass keep it a buck wwf do you mean lol:) 	1
what would be the best workplace perk? idk.. wait whaa? lol 	0
have you ever done one of those ;win free stuff; things? yeah . i won a car ! 	0
why did you choose nursing? my little brother had cancer when he was 2. thats what i can honestly say made me want to become a nurse . helping people . i feel its something i can do :] r and i like to talk and keep spirits up soo it fits me i think.. 	0
what do people most often criticize about you? (if some of these are do rules i am so sorry.) my blunt attitude . 	0
“@bitch_ubeenafan: @djkootz wat club??”&lt;-- fuck as bully man fuck this shit i only came cut these nights was crying and shit lol sh 	1
do you eat all the servings in the food groups on a daily basis? most of the time 	0
wheniwas13 sad memory . i was bullied and i cried a lot :s 	1
w wed if you saw the kids who bullied mb? 	1
think fast ! name one song that starts with the letter n ! numb by link in park 	0
have you ever been on the guest list for any event? yes actually :) you feel pretty awesomely special when your walking in . ha-ha 	0
@ahankeypankey name calling int nice and it's bullying too stupid lol 	0
do you like the smell of weed? yes . i think it should be made into a cologne/ 	0
what would you do if you had a child that was a killer? kill them 	0
are you random or predictable? why do you think you are this way? would you rather be the other way? random . because live would be boring if i weren't :) and no i couldnt because i like how i am . every part of me :) 	0
what was your favorite birthday gift? a neck al ce given to me by my love(: <33 	0
http://t.co/xmp08vo spread the word (: stop bullying..my story..and advice (: 	0
leanne is a bully 	1
what did you have for lunch? m and line oranges and chicken noodle soup . im sick and have been for the last two weeks . 	0
@lilystw just because you don't like her or her career choices doesn't mean you need to be a bully 	1
what do you think of the papparazzi? its operated . 	0
have you been in a wreck? twice . 	0
i have a bully but she will remain nameless until she takes my lunch money again 	1
how do you spend your saturday nights? usually going to my brothers baseball games :) then all day outside!! my favorite <3r rollerblading or finding a new park and then out with the boyfriend usually to eat and then doing something..from a movie to going grocery shopping aha 	0
would you rather your parents watch you having sex or your preacher? (from beginning to end lmao..) parents xd 	0
how many glasses of water do you drink a day? like a gallon :] aha thats all i drink all day . 	0
i was ju just saying hi :) sahara ohh hi :)) 	0
@angelasimmons @v_simmons ur dad is a fake ! fooling the public screwing folks literally & he is a voyeur bully & stalker 	1
have you ever had a poem or a song written about you? yes lots . 	0
do you believe in life after death? yes of course i do.. its called eternity with god in heaven!<3 	0
have u ever sucked a dick? i believe this none of ur miss niue ss . ;] (and dna think so) 	1
oh iss that faggot is ayah go in to bee der?? is your mom gonna be there?? fuck you bugg!! and it takes a faggot to know a faggot funny y 	1
you still a bully tho 	1
& she getting bully by her @robyn__banks mao o mao o 	1
most people think helena tors are like the victims of bullying , which is not true , we actually stand up for one another were a family . fact 	0
`` im very sexy `` my fucking ass . du use that made me laugh so fucking hardd(: thank's for making my day ;d your welcome faggot 	1
do you eat hello when you are sick? yes i have actually . 	0
do you think girls look better with make up on or none? idk..i personally think make up is unnecessary because it merely hides natural beauty 	0
@biancagabardo bullying detected 	0
teacher sets up new charity to tackle anti-gay bullying http://t.co/3gczf1x 	0
favorite food when i's freezing cold? ice cream!! aha 	0
if you could wake up as anyone tomorrow who would it be? myself!(: 	0
i do know you on a personal level . bitch . well if you can't support me and my decisions then may be we shouldn't be friends . bitch . 	1
what are your thoughts on earwax? its needed just clean it out so its not too visible . ha 	0
expected & unsurprising that gov . perry can bully a student questioner and have it ignored , yet press still jonesin' for "angry black prez." 	1
what advice can you give to a person who is so insecure of you? to not be insecure of me . what reason have i gave for you to feel this way? aha thats what i would say but ink if they would take it right or not . 	0
@zeehira my gov't name a int on twiiter.. n i dna have u on fb.. ( i think) ink son , its late leave me alone woman ..bully =p 	1
hey au gala r hey whoree;] 	1
@innaconica ;') add to that , the kid stands 5'8, big and burly , sometimes a bully . what he said just made my day . ;d 	1
ga aha . xd i will whip your ass . mao o . mao ;d 	1
the last song you listened to? janet jackson . you ain't right . :] 	0
do you pay attention to calories on the back of packages? not really 	0
why did you fake yourself? that's lame e you know there is like a lot of hate groups on space of you? i don't fake myself shut up 	1
@chelseabieber95 du use . cyber bully much? i just read some of the tweet s . how did it even start 	1
have you ever cried yourself to sleep? yes 	0
what kind of mood are you in? blah 	0
@arrghpaine for what causes? "tell them to compromise"? we clearly have different definitions of the bully pulpit . :-) 	0
can you ride a horse? i have before . but its been a while . i can do anything :) 	0
what do you grab to drink when you're hot sweaty and thirsty? water!! :] 	0
i have a headache d: what would you give me if i came to your door and told you that i had one? my penis 	1
@skittleelena you little bully . [smirks wickedly] in that case , you might just get one soon . 	1
if your house was on fire and you could only grab three things what would they be? laptop dogs family shoes bed clothes coffee maker oven washer&amp;dryer refrigerator table&amp;chairs pics camera bath tub ! hahahahahahhaha!! 	0
@jankyfogelberg is a bully 	1
have you watches joe's apartment? if so how are you going to solve the problem with the cockroaches? yes . and that movie is hilarious btw . :) i would not be living there first off..hahaha but i would trick them somehow . tell them of a better place on a landfill reserve . 	0
if boegner has any spine , he will put the american people first and not grant obama's intentional bullying tactics tea party got t cot 	1
dear hacker , please refrain from bullying my casebook account . get a life ! 	1
i feel like a big bully but i'm only 5'5 so how can soo much anger exist in me.?? 	1
how many suitcases do you own? i own a couple duffle bags but no suitcases . 	0
i'm being bullied by @2amv (-_-) .. 	1
i was threaten that i was gonna be called by the cops , all due c us of cyber pulling 	1
have you ever gotten into a fight? fist fight?? no . im a lover not a fighter . ha 	0
how many pillows do you use? 3 	0
self help bullies and bullied: a quick help book for kids (paperback) newly tagged "self-help": b.. http://t.co/7isiop6 	0
ever tried skinny dipping? with whom? yes . with my sister . aha we went night swimming in our pool in our backyard . just so we could answer this question . ;] 	0
@l_l_q_98 h aha yes , anyone bully you call me h or . 	0
what's the best invention ever made? toilet paper . 	0
@mani70 lol . gold were the 2nd worse in my area . the kid with gold boots used to bully me!! gutted i was 10yrs early b4 they became cool 	1
@somebodyhatesya is a cyber bully account . we don't condone bullying or hate in this society . please do something @twitter 	1
what if you won't be able to bare a child? will you get a surrogate mother or adopt a child? why? hmm thats a tough one . i would hate it if i couldnt' bare my own child . that would be really hard . and i would probably pray my guts out before going the other route but if its en ive table then i guess i would adopt . surrogate mothers are too hard to trust not them wanting the child in the end..that would be really hard . 	0
do you want to get married? someday 	0
i got bullied in the 1st grade 	1
when was the last time you thought; what am i doing here? last night . me &amp; my boyfriend went to the store and i started pickin up all kinds of things to buy and was like what the heck k did i even come here for!! :/ aha thank goodness for my bf having his head on straight . 	0
funny you said you don't have many friends.. i think you'd make a good friend ;] thanks :) i think you would too ! i just dont because im not wrapped around the hs drama anymore . therefore im not in it..so oh well . 	0
this is a frightening bullying story about how our police have behaved @ianpuddick we should send him our support @blockem1 bullying 	1
@iphanniebgentle mao o , girl no i'm no bully . 	1
do you ever watch soap operas? used to with my ma . general hospital is the ship :] 	0
to the question below when you said: im not fat? agent you suppose to say i&39;m not fat period? cause if you put a question mark your saying your fat . dummy . umm actually im saying im not fat like e in your stupid for saying that.r *dummie 	1
who are these two people? umm its not really your business may be if i knew who you were i could tell you.. 	0
it's called anonymous . just tell me who u went wit at sums . - it's not even a big deal who this is and y would u be scared to say the names of the ppl u went it . wwf dna m msg me wit the bullshit bye as soon as ur not an oy mouse ill let u no.;] bye 	1
@chathewanted thanks xx :d believe it or not it's the main thing i've been bullied about in the past ! xx 	1
if you could have an endless supply of any food what would you get? strawberry-banana smoothie from jack in the box ;d yah dig? 	0
how do rumors get started? by one self insecure person that needs the voice of others degrading ones they are intimidated by .. 	0
have you ever hooked up with the same sex? how far did you go with them? would you do it again? yes i have gone all the way and had anal sex . i have done it several times and would do it again 	1
why do we yawn when we see other people yawning? reaction . its weird but i love it aha 	0
do you think christmas is stressful? nothing like that should be stressful . it should be fun . when it becomes stressful that's when you know you've lost sight of the true meaning of christmas!! think about it people . 	0
when you drop your phone do you get scared it broke? i do >.< yea 	0
when did you get your first cellphone? i was 18 	0
do you shower in the morning or at night before bed? at night . i like to climb into bed clean :) 	0
do you like blue cheese? only in burgers . 	0
this year's bully target : the shah rukh khan wannabe , @dikferr muahahaha http://t.co/owwfwvy 	0
np anti-bully zone by @charleshamilton..one of my favorite beats/songs ch has ever done . so fucking deep . 	0
s/o to @givethemthenuts for being a bully 	1
love mean by taylor swift . as a child i was bullied . but now i'm going to a private college . take that destiny t . 	1
whats the craziest thing you have ever done? hmm.. i've done a lot of crazy stuff . stupid more than crazy . 	0
hey bitch boobs don&39;t count when the only reason you have them is because your fat!! fat or skinny i still got em way better than having nothing ! get a life bitch and get off anonymous with this bullshit . 	1
(: : ) 	0
the 64 was the school bully with its crude graceless blocky graphics , the speech the beautiful underdog with its charming colour clash . 	0
have you ever cried in front of a lot of people? yes . 	0
your "idol" is against bullying/cyberbullying! thats exactly what most of u are do in and 2 someone he cares about ! 	0
are you a filipina??or a foreigner?? nope . half korean 	0
hey stupid people ! see everyone here who knows taxi in real life? yeah if you&39;re that retarded to still call her fake then you should not be operating a computer . just saying . hahahahahaha h hahahah oh my god i love you . 	1
;iloveyoubaby; ;iloveyoutoobabygirl; that ^ aha [x yes it was pretty cute ;) 	0
@intifada when bullying descends to these depths you know that evil exists in zionist israel 	0
besides english what other languages can you speak? spanish 	0
i'ma have my booking . i hope queen kristine doesn't come & bully me . =/ 	0
lol oo no!..guurrl u must be crazy!!..b/c i love u muchoo!. uhh!! lmao!! u got me mao ! uk uk we can go on 4 like eva ! lezzdooitt i love you more than yo own momma ! ahha!! 	0
listening to a news reporter and his camera crew being bullied out of the way by some youths from tottenham whilst they report live . lol . 	1
stupid bitch h and hop of ashlie's form spring bye ;] 	1
y hut ready to get y hur a$$ beat this saturdayy?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!!??!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!??!!??!!??!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!??!?!?!? you can try but it won't happen.. i don't know why your ass is still talking to me.. i don't like to talk to ugly bitches s 	1
they say the garden of eden was in iraq . then where is hades? that is a good question . 	0
i'm bullying @planet_jozie with a giant wasp i'm being very mean 	1
spam for spam? :) shore :) 	0
@deekhade don't bully me ar ! aha  	1
what do you think happens to the missing socks that disappear in the dryer? the dryer eats them . 	0
getting bullied by 12 year olds.. 	1
have you ever been drunk? yeah 	0
how do you pronounce the word ;sure;? the way its spelled . sure . 	0
aha ;)so.. have u ever been to france? pfftt!! nash i he never been outta this country!! arch ! he yuh?! aha 	0
@bellathorne143 bella tweet for me?? i suffer bullying 	1
do you think you've changed over the past year? is it a good change or a bad change? why do you feel that you changed or was it just something that happened that you weren't trying to do? good change defiantly . and it was me and timothy getting together that really did it . straightened me out :) and him :] 	0
why do people feel weird when they forget their cellphone? because so many people revolve they're lives around their cellular . its pathetic really . 	0
@jbest0223 who we internet bullying tonight t alien gang 	0
the beach is fucking shit you're my daddy and soccer is for faggots . yes . yes . no ]: 	1
i know this goes along with the whole bully thing i have going but really.. i get what i want . 	1
in making decisions you always end up following what your __ says.. heart or brain? heart 	0
just been told of another person (m8's sister) being intimidated by a double glazing salesman , i'm guessing it was unravel , the bully boys 	1
nope . i actually have a life . *coughcough* unlike you the lonely pathetic ugly lowlife man/woman who's life events are: staying on form spring creating fakes and starting shit . seriously i'm not the bitch you are . end of story . k cool bye . i have a life show your face anonymous 	1
i love simo a . :3 i love your penis 	1
see the girl with a lot of makeup? she wears it because she gets bullied & wants to feel beautiful . 	1
do you wear goodies often? during the winter i do . 	0
who was the last person you hugged? timothy . 	0
**meoww** *rawr*? 	0
@utaunenami_bot is it okay that i punch every guys who is bullying you? :) 	1
@riley_griffiths @thezachmills i have been bullied at times an its not fun so i know how it feels . and if some1 created account to bully up 	1
julie chen is a straight up bully ! they're the talent julie , you're just some rich guys wife . cbs big brother 	1
@elbailey_ @billymctaggart mm is this true do you bully my billy :/ 	1
@damisolaa wow!! now we are all crying 4 d "virgin bull"! 	0
bullying affects a quarter of high schools students: a student survey uncovers the prevalence of bullying . http://t.co/wi5nzxo 	0
i will never understand why people think it's okay to bully . i've been on the receiving end of it and trust me . it's not okay . stay strong 	1
sarah guess who!? <3 mary?! lol hahahaha 	0
@so_avant_garde your a bully mao 	1
do you have a.d.d.? not clinically but i think so some times hah ha-ha 	0
@lachiedarby yeah , mum came back all flushed? she really is , such a bully . notmenopause!? 	1
name your 3 closest friends . which one is your very best friend? april . my sister r timothy my boyfriend r dad . r r my very best would probably be..r april . she knows me best . always . and how to handle me . 	0
damn n jordan you h got some haterss.! step on new bitchess.! aha i love you hh <3 fuck the but shi it and the dirty y sluts it came out t of.!! hahahaha i love you ab villa kill a ! <3 and he'll yeah fuck the bullshit t ! 	1
would u ever give me a blowjob and would u ever drink my sperm because i really want you too i wanna have sex with you so much its not even funny how hard i get over u thats not weird at all 	1
do people in australia call the rest of the world up over? idk? 	0
@aashcash06 sahara yea im plotting mean things i can say about all of his friends girls.. bc i'm a bully!! ha thanks ! 	1
great testimony to the gracie family . bullying victims fight back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty http://t.co/itwoxi6 	0
my sister is a bully..she had our dog in a full nelson 	1
@kolddevil bully!! 	1
when was the last time your into was empty? lol do you remember what an empty into likes not for a while . i havent' been on in a while . 	0
ki bum likes to bully kevin , he said it's his hobby . u kiss fact 	1
tear ra need to stop being a bully ! 	1
has anyone told you a secret this week? nope im secret less . 	0
are children who act in r rated movies allowed to see them ink but thats a good question . i always wonder the same thing . and why the parents allow them to be in it in the first place? 	0
haha..just watch rise of the apes..love ceased so much..pity ape bully by human.. :( 	0
cyber bullying: out you go ! | malay mail online http://ow.ly/620ra 	0
if you were a toy what toy would you be? a loud shakin' dancing singing toy thats really colourful and makes little ones learn lots of stuff!! :] 	0
whats your favourite number? 2 	0
h okay well i just giggled at something my friend said then giggled when i read your info law lz what kind of man gigglez?! 	1
in high school , it's bullying . but in a professional setting , it's harassment . 	0
rashid is a bully i wish i could go back to sleep but mother nature is a ugly bitch -_- 	1
do you make your bed daily? nope 	0
i don&apos;t like you ugly ass hoe . i bet your lesbian . you look like it . i bet when you older i&apos;ll see you in a anonymous porn ad . btw i heard you stuff your bra..hahahhaa no boobs!r omg go how'd you know !? i stuff it with toilet paper and everything..just like the movies ! stop hating and get something better to do . and yeah if you're a girl watch out i might be after you . nah ht 	1
frances &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; nico; take our convo's to private no one wants to hear r all love yy doveyy!! shutup!! ah-ha shut upp 	0
do you take life too seriously or not serious enough? i think serious enough 	0
do you do what needs to be done regardless of the consequences yes . 	0
what's the nicest thing someone's ever done for you? they made me shit ;0 	0
helena gomez was on barney? and got bullied about it? then cried when she was kicked off? then did commercials? dint know that 	1
information: bully cr-605l 605 series 2 in 1 receiver hitch mount step with led brake light http://t.co/hedp9yz 	0
whats your iq? very y intelligent :] 	0
@hotlexibelle check out "work in da pot featuring serius jones" by south bully - http://t.co/lvabyw1 	0
where do you live? which country i mean lol ^_^ usa . 	0
do i even know you ? and why the fuck are you leaving shit on my wall . seriously?get a life . cut i felt like it :) i have one 	1
ill un follow you if you wish just tell me thank you ! :d nash i hadn't been on in a while . your good 	0
@justinbieber i need your advice about bullying 	1
what is your goal this year? to survive this crazy thing we call life.. 	0
what do you value most in your friends? honesty . i don't have many true friends . 	0
ink why i asked that last question a non lol cause ur a geek lol 	1
as real as it gets: bullying victims can fight back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty http://t.co/sl71cnx 	0
who's the most talented person you know? hmm ..my daddy :) 	0
how many boyfriends have you had? :) 3. 	0
what was the most recent movie that made you cry? shutter island 	0
what do you usually do to relieve yourself from hiccups? okay im super glad you asked me this question only because its a common misconception about hiccups . your not supposed to hold your breath . the reason you have hiccups in the first place is lack of oxygen . so the usual hold your breath till your face turns blue and still keep holding it isn't what makes them go away . its the deep breath you take after holding your breath :]r r so to relieve my hiccups i hold my breath ;) aha only to take a bigger breath afterward . 	0
wwf ? v i don't know . 	0
oh yeah and btw a non omo us vv i did step up tew amber i fought ha al read ii dum tri kk a int no sense in fit in her she just g gunn h lose again . mm hm . 	1
what do you question the most? people . 	0
3 physical features you get complimented on a lot? name your least favorite feature? smile . ethnicity . eyes . in that order the most . and my least favorite feature would be my height but only because forever i wanted to be a model and in america you have to be like e 7' anorexic giraffe . ha-ha a 	0
soo you thought i was cute but now you hate me and dont talk to me fuck you can't please everyone . 	1
people are mean they talk way to much shit on you . poor thing . sarah . i know w fool l they're jealous cause i pull bitches and no one wants their tiny dicks xd b ahahaha 	0
@seanwynn oh wow!! i'm sure you miss us bullying each other around ! next time i'm in town you , @clairecollins28 & i need to go to suger s ;) 	1
do you like candy necklaces? they're okay . i haven't seen them in a long time :/ 	0
do you own anything that involves with betty boop? no lol thats funny :) 	0
so sick of being bullied :'( @chelsealudwig @alexanderludwig 	1
sarah man gigglez?! i think it was kinda girly soo ur a gay man? 	1
have you ever bid for something on ebay? yes my camera i have now 	0
when caught early the embryo isn't much different than a guy blowing his load &amp; killing all those sperm that could have been innocent babies . it's not a life embryos are not human . although many innocent lives are taken through war it's sickening . i'm tired of debating this with you . i have stated my open ian with out making you feel in fiery or for yours . get off it 	1
i totally asked a guy to prom..guess what he said!!?? yes and then dint show up aha 	0
how long have you had form spring for? hmm..like i think since march? maybe.. 	0
i wanna show you one of my poems i wrote to you the day we met . the day i knew i&39;m gonna like you till the end . and i still do . idc if you never wanna date me ever again i don&39;t blame you . if this is who i think it is you have a girl friend . you got together the day you dumped me for something stupid . 	1
http://ww.meatspin.com/ wtf?? 	1
@bi_pol_ar ah!!..so sum1 can bully yu 	0
do you want someone you can't have? nope . 	0
working with young people who are bullied: tips for mental health professionals http://t.co/dsdklwk 	0
do u sniff poo? most def entry not ! :/ x 	1
shut up jessie j , there's a reason why you was bullied at school you cretin 	1
ball fuck she&39;s real . get over it . vv thankyou!! 	1
bright room or dark room? dark . i am a vampire . i am a vampire . 	0
http://ww.formspring.me/thepedo ladies of formspring: this is my opinion but i highly advise you ignore any questions from this person . and block him . all right y lady . 	0
do you ever think of crazy things in you're head that probably wont happen? yes . all the time :) 	0
i wanna fuck you . oh? thank you ! 	1
@jeffersonobama the bully on the pulpit . chris christie presidential tour bus name p2 	0
your top 5 ugliest people ive ever seen sahara your funny you cant even see my top friends &amp; i dont have a top five anyways:) 	1
australia spends two months deciding whether red m&m is a bully http://bit.ly/nctrgd advertising 	0
girls; do you like how you look in a bathing suit? guys; do you like you chick in a one pie ec or two piece? yes . :) 	0
rebecca black dropped out of school because she was bullied . noah . 	1
1) do me a favor and get off maa shift r thank you r 2) i dont know who th aa fun kk you are . aha bitch sad stupid sank . and learn how to spell proper grammar lmaoo.. 	1
have you ever been so drunk you dont remember what happened? nash 	0
do you dance in the shower? not in the shower but i do in the stand up tanning beds hahahha 	0
do you love twilight as much as this? i bet this will be your new homage . http://mytwilightsearch.com ew i hate twilight 	0
what is it you like best about your mateu2019s personality . what do you like the least? hes sweet to me and willing to do anything for me . but hes very selfish when it comes to being truely selfless sometimes . 	0
"@quotesforgirlz: stop fucking bullying . noh8 every girls should see this--&gt; http://t.co/dhafjfp" 	0
what would you like to hear more about? creative things . 	0
ok ae then bitch you dont got any quick comebacks now do you you fucking fake!!/ wow pathetic much? 	1
as real as it gets: bullying victims can fight back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty http://t.co/ncrr1s8 	0
@bullyinguk our work in schools focusses on working against all bullying ( esp . in regard to disability) ww.elephant-in-the-room.co.uk 	0
what's your favorite john hughes film? (80's film director) dont know of any off the top of my head . 	0
@jeffcastrogomez mao you so dumb :') . i'm no bully ! 	1
if you had to give up one favorite food what would the most difficult? ahh.. probably cookies ! d: 	0
would u rather be a flaming gay handicapped nigger with cherub is m or a white trash spitz op here nic amputee with turettes? i guess if i had to choose..the second one . at least with tur fettes i could make ppl laugh ! :] 	1
@richardiurilli it's his way of getting revenge . i bully him so hard . i take my job as his designated older "sibling" very seriously . 	1
sunrise or sunset? sunset :] 	0
@cidergirli for a while i did . when i was bullied pretty horrifically . but it made me put my head down and work hard . :-). x 	1
@gemmaloux87x @carey22c we dun bully u ! ur worse than any1 prop a little bitch :p 	1
i saw you with some hat price of beef in math class the other day.he wears blue a lot and always wears a brown jacket . tasty that mucha fuck a is one hat piece of ass . 	1
do you finger your tight ass? wtf? sahara 	1
you&apos;re not cool suck my dick sorry your too hardcore for me 	1
name a movie or movies you can watch over and over? all disney movies . always . and along came polly and mr deeds . hilarious ! 	0
what's your thoughts on the columbine tragedy? why do you think it happened? i think it was horrible and people forget that things like that have happened ! it happened for reasons unbelievable but im sure its because the kid wanted attention and was just acting out in an insane way . its hard to know why it really happened . 	0
@ishaaxo leave me alone e ! biggest bully ever right now is you u mann :'( its perfectly fine e b ! 	1
i love how u have no life :):):):) <3 aha ahahaha aha . actually y you have no life for say in that . i love my life . i seriously laughed when i read this^^ you dont have a life b cause no one likes you :) dumb bitch get it straight in your headu2665 hahahaha okay? 	1
well put.. thank you :) 	0
mean zz to ask her questions and stuff n at talk shit on anonymous pussy ass bit chez whatever tho yew guy don&39;t mean shift to her and don&39;t affect her so be a bitch to someone who cares pussy ass fu ken ugly bit chez fuck youu!! love alw y z marissa <3 ill a got that right(: i love you u too<3 may be the pussy ass bitches will say it to my face one day ! 	1
fresno bully rescue . ca . be sure to check out our webster to see all the latest adaptable dogs at our shelter.. http://t.co/35usgwb 	0
are u a virgin? are you anonymous? 	0
@mrssamirnasri @sramsey0909 look how do i bully you shyy? and the random 9 yr old started it ! sahara a 	1
what's your favorite flavoured pringles? the cheese kind 	0
what's the kindest thing anyone has ever done for you ?? bunch a kind things have been done for me . bunch ! 	0
"i'm a bully wit the bucks don't let the patent leather shoes fool u young'un i got the fully in the tux" 	0
what turns you on creatively spiritually or emotionally? ink really . i think im an alien :] 	0
who are the 3 most overrated musicians? hmm..overrated?r r taylor swift r jonas brothers r miranda lambert 	1
who asks people if they know me why do i see it all the time who is it that cares you have a fan d00d. can you sign my bewbs? 	1
how do you think std's came to be? it was gov made i know it 	0
mir complaining 87line bullying him ! how cute ! 	1
georgetown got there asses kicked but china.. bull got cleaned up with a chair 	0
i hate it when __ people talk about something you know they have no clue about . 	0
q: remember how you always bullied me in primary? are you a: mao o bully? me? here up o say ira wu mph a kath ya http://t.co/nwy9bx6 	0
never be bullied into silence . never allow yourself to be made a victim . accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself 	0
@beccaratliff31 thats the thing?! how am i a bully?! i used to be iconic be lies love by the way . id you know who i am then you know me 	1
what's one thing you'd like to do but haven't done yet? fly in a plane . 	0
say someone was going to have a abortion and they only way they won;t is if you take the kid would you? depends on if its a crack baby . a lot of people are very unhealthy while being pregnant . 	0
@warbler__blaine yeah i came 2 days ago,started getting bullied the first day-looks up slightly- 	1
why do you have so many frigging formsprings? gee those are fakes 	0
video: kevin durant gets flushed on by geoff aka big bully at dickman ! http://t.co/6y4dkpt via @worldstar 	1
yeah its really hard to when i get this shit like every it her day like it seriously pisses me off now if it was like yesterday i couldnt give 2 fucks but with everything im going thru right now its like wwf . what happened? 	0
you never called me . my bad 	0
who decided to take a shit on your face? im not quite sure ! ill tell ya when i find out ! i promise(: 	1
i just got called a bitch . mao ! is there something you hate being called? i dont much like bitch either . 	0
what's your best achievement? wow awesome question..i think my best achievement would be ;finding who i am; thats thee most important!!<33 	0
what color leaf would you like to be? orange . bright orange . 	0
@dnl2silva bullying u.u kk a cho just 	0
what is your general philosophy of life? live it loving and being kind . kindness is key to everything that brings happiness in life . 	0
@twinkz_fasho yes he his lol shit he bully his own mama lol 	1
big education ape: end homophobic bullying? michelle rhee speaks at church conference despite anti-gay allegations - http://t.co/xhvk7jw 	0
lets see it then ? ( : &amp;&amp; i was born in th ghetto si wwf huh you know bout the cuhh? ah-ha not a damn thing ! get on my level trick k . show a name &amp; catch h ahh fade lil home e . &amp; no you know what dont stay away from me come find me bx th ;d<33 . 	1
ever dropped a cell phone? more than ever 	0
@haarli i love how tracey is putting full blame on olivia , she is such a bully . she thinks we all 4got how she has constantly attacked her 	1
my gran just bullied me ! 	1
do you believe there's intelligent life on other planets? if god created them then hell yes ! 	0
do you like the movie chronicles of narnia? yes . love the creativity . 	0
sleepnsync: make sure that your child is being bullied and not just bothered in a non-recurring way . bullying http://ow.ly/6ajmn 	0
how many hours of sleep do you need to function? not much . i used to go on 3 or 4 but anymore i get the recommended 8 hours sahara 	0
do you lick dick? sarah what?? 	1
if you were to be reborn who would you want to be born as? me again . is that allowed? aha 	0
@sayanythingxo aha im against bullying.. people have enough problems without it.. but sometimes u need to put your two cents in no need 	0
tuesday headlines: adam sadler denies report he dined and dashed huge jump in reported bullying in nashua schoo.. http://t.co/dtdfqzf 	0
i'm not a man , only know how to bully people :( 	1
im the biggest bully bullshit , go suck his dick mom . 	1
what's your favorite drink? mm.. root beer ! aha my fav drink eva ! pow 	0
helena gets bullied , hated , judged , and death threats . and yet she still continues to stay strong and stays classy . 	1
no thats what form spring is for ohh i get it now . 	0
do you have any health problems? not that im aware of thankfully 	0
which is better twitter or formspring? form spring 	0
if they get bullied in bb , i will climb over the building and save them because i'm that hardcore . who's joining me? 	0
how many times did you and that douche have sex excuse e me?! 	1
aha you u are too cute<3 thanks s :) 	0
do you close your eyes when you sneeze? i dont think so 	0
@canofwormstv i think it's perfectly fine to hit back if they've been bullied for a long while . 	0
im the 200th question bitch ! add foot . score e . my form spring was brutally raped today . 	1
yeah i know /: ha thanks hun<33 [: you're most certainly welcome :) would it be alright if i were to send you a text message? ;d 	0
are you stubborn? very much so when it comes to things i believe in or think i should stand up for.. 	0
love you baby ;) love you more babe<3 	0
exactly . ur not hard get the fuck over ourself how about you get over me and get the fuck out of here . 	1
secret's anti-bullying campaign appears to get casebook fans engaged: procter & gamble co.'s secret deodorant ap.. http://bit.ly/nv26a2 	0
apparently i'm a lil bully 	1
that awkward moment when you realise your dad used to bully snape . awkward harry potter 	0
you got a space yea 	0
if you bumped your car into another car but nobody saw you do it would you leave your name and address? nope . just cause i wouldn't do that . im an awesome driver aha 	0
are you a generous person? very generous . 	0
thanks though :) i appreciate it :) 	0
what is the most expensive thing you have on right now? nothing . im in jam as and my glasses . aha so i guess my glasses ! aha 	0
@flyfamshmeelen your a bully dawg pick on somebody your own size 	1
what is the worst prank that has been pulled on you? my parents turned the lights out on my sister and i when we watch the newest texas chainsaw mass care in theatres . they said they went up to the store..but they dint they stayed to torment us..and we thought we were really being attacked or something . my dad crawled in the window.. all the lights off . he made the breaker trip..and we heard cracking floor noises in the kitchen..about shit our pants . all i had was a hanger and thought if anyone had to do anything it'd be me..r so of course i finally made myself around the corner of our room and the lights came back on..not too much later there was no king on our window and like the dumb crazy person in the movie that you wanna scream at for not just leaving the window alone i threw up the blinds to see my dad's face plastered up against the window and hands up scaring me half to death!! it was awful . i was mad at my dad for like the next 2 or 3 days . sahara i cried and yelled and i was only like 13 but still . ha-ha a it was good . 	0
are you so in love with yourself? nash not really 	0
what color is your toothbrush? magenta and white :] 	0
why do you think people lie? because they have nothing better to say 	0
where do you buy your groceries from? roger ba bay . its soo better than wal-mart . 	0
why do you think people have unprotected sex? because they dont care 	0
in what country other than your own would you like to live? i honestly can't say until i go and see them? 	0
@leadingwomen tears at work come from bully bosses . change the boss or change your job . cry for our country , then go do something about it ! 	0
i can't stand a bully . miserable bastards . 	0
do you eat cheeseburgers? not really 	0
if you could change something about yourself what would you change and why? i'm actually pretty happy about myself currently . bu ut if i could i guess it'd be to be a little taller so i could be a model . :] aha 	0
do you think its possible for a human to sleep with there eyes open? it is possible actually . :] 	0
@wheremydrink lol no @blackisbutiful a bully 	1
awesome post by peter switzer about biz confidence: staff bullying , carers leave , wage rises , interest rate rises: http://bit.ly/qlg9br 	0
can you drive a motorcycle? in my head :] 	0
ha i would love e to but i heard that im ;harassing; you u so its a big no can do . ;p but may be if we did get to know each other we could spend some quality time together r [; sahara well i thought that you were at first but i've realized that you're intentions are good and i wanna get your number ;)) 	0
right t if he breaks your heart ; i break his dick k (: ahahaha lol.;] 	1
hahahahah aha aha >:l shut up dempster baby . 	1
if a parsley farmer is sued do they garnish his wages? okay y 	0
are you a virgin?? of course stranger . 	1
@nadiragandhi rip wat r u threaten in me on tha web u bully 	0
look to your right.. tell me the first thing you see my bedroom door . 	0
what made you interesting? the responses to the questions i've been asked :] and perhaps the questions i ask others . aha ink what your asking . 	0
when do your boobies make a public appearance? you really ask a bunch of personal bodily questions . aha r bu ut they usually don't . being that they are only enough boob to see that i am a woman ;] aha i don't find cleavage necessary to be attractive . 	0
@bazmati2020 @sofs_mom i think poor @annjj is being harassed and bullied by a complete nob ber via twitter . hope she's not on her own , 	1
slut.r *insert windy face here* (; 	1
@hekissnonmytatz lmao..dats how my lil hoe is ..she terrible doe..n she a bully lol 	1
what are the 6 impossible things before breakfast? 1. i am totally able to telepathically read others minds.r 2. im a fairy in this world here to spread my sparkles in someone elses life.r 3. i can drink an entire gallon of of in one drink . r 4. i can make a mess like nobody business.r 5. sometimes i eat in my dreams and am so full i don't have to eat for days . r 6. i can change the weather with my emotion alone . :] 	0
@nathanthewanted i'm getting really bullied on here for liking u girls are takin the mick 	1
don't you hate how people make fake celery bit y pages? >.< yea that is soo annoying 	0
do you swear when youu2019re mad? nope 	0
are you scared to lose the person you fell the hardest for? are you still with this person or have you already lost them? yes . im with them now 	0
can bald men get lice? nope 	0
when can i see u again? always . aha sorry i dint answer last night . i was half asleep when you called . 	0
ever tried an ouija board? yup . have one 	0
read my response to "pass this on to ask your followers if you believe bullying is wrong . if not , then i feel sorr…": http://t.co/9fkixv0 	0
coppers is just legalised bullying and brutality.. 	0
bullies when bullies attack what does your child do when every http://t.co/rvbv5ng 	0
i was watching a documentary on a place called lagos last night and it seemed like even though the people there lived in shacks and slums they were happy er than the people who live in modern developed country s and they all get along.r why is that? because there priorities in life are to live and be happy with those around them . not what they have and their neighbor may have more than them..theres a lot more to life than material . plus they dont know any different to them that is life . 	0
do you tell a person if you see they have toilet paper stuck on their shoe? yes!? wouldn't you . sarah aha 	0
did u watch bigger on oprah? well sorta a ! i just got 2 etc h thee char ice part ! she awesome <3 hbu?! 	0
;musta;(moosta)- a filipino word w/c means how are you.. so musta? :] bien . which is good in spanish . sahara musta? 	0
dna be a bully leave mayo alone..pick on someone ur ownsizecc@kunlefernando 	1
what cartoon character would you want to be? minnie mouse 	0
day umm stupid fucking cunts stop talking your shit get a fucking life go suck your moss dick and check on it day umm lil pussy take it of a non am is or whatever -stephanie i love you alexis :) aha i kno ow huh but they don't matter(: i love you u too stephanie<3 	1
http://t.co/xzo00sm stand up day (stand up to bullying november 14) 	0
"while he was looking after them , i think he also bullied them.. so now they are getting payback." you deserve it . lol 	1
wow you're a fucking fake . if you're tired of everyone talking shit on you form spring either stop talking shit to them first or delete the damn thing . gosh you're fucking retarded . i forgot how stupid people are these days and that would be you . whatever bitch 	1
are you the ideal person that you want to be? if not what would you do to about it? yes i believe so . i try to be kind to everyone and make the world a little bit better somehow :] 	0
@demiselenaarmy @thedlnation @mrddlovato i was never really bullied by other kids , but i had to deal with simi… (cont) http://t.co/ump5ipo 	0
21-day put/call/bull-bear spread..short-term rally.. http://t.co/gtue7wp 	0
when was the first time that you had beer? when i was 20 	0
bullying is not ok . i really want everyone to get a long . this is such a big problem all around the world ! stop bullying 	0
one person who have touched your heart the most god . 	0
check this video out -- hey fox news -stop bullying kids http://t.co/5to4z4m via @youtube 	0
have you ever gotten in trouble with the cops? yes . 	0
i never thought i would be friends with __. you ! :] 	0
you only like baby girls you paedophile you're one of my baby girls [; 	1
@mileycyrus twitter is bullying you ! you should do something ! we cant trend miles cyrus ! 	1
@dr_coxy bullied 	0
kahl i a is so easily bullied cbs big brother 	1
i wouldn't say being gay was cool :l umm.. i would ;) 	1
@tigrisxx bully 	1
@kmaddock_ @mrpeterandre erm no they haven't :l pete has a lot of loyal fans who r on his side ! u bully lowlife 	1
@yearnings my protractor bully me (woo) 	0
when people try to make you jealous does it make you mad? nash its humorous usually 	0
do you know karate? i wish . h high he aah ! 	0
@daniellebaiz be nice to your younger brother ! no bullying ! 	1
have you ever found a four leaf clover? nope has anyone? 	0
what do you think of guys who wear headbands/ponytails? i like them :) sahara 	0
raiders coach hue jackson building a bully? http://t.co/a7vqftx via @sfgate 	0
lindsey s one of the coolest chicks at poly so stop hating . she more mature than you'll ever be . i've seen her fight i dare you to fight her . i couldn't have said it any better myself :) 	1
sahara ohmygod you are an actual jerk okay . 	1
what is one unique thing about you? i care way y to much . 	0
which do you think is more likely aliens or zombies? both . sahara aliens may not be these crazy green martians that have lasers for eyes and slime coming out of their heads..but just another form of being from another planet or galaxy . so i believe in aliens . yes . :) r as far as zombies . i believe it'll be not in my generation or kids generation hopefully.. but it'll be a genetic mutation that takes over the brain-that is created by some idiot scientist that works for the government and wants to take out a country or some kind of blah h bullshit . and it'll become out of control . and take over . i believe this one day..somehow . somewhere . it'll start and its already slowly taking hold of society 	0
niggers niggers niggers balls balls titties dick sucking faggot shit nigger ass fuck titties fuck niggers that's horrible . 	1
i got asked if my school days were like in between ers . i said no bullied for five years and couldn't wait to walk out the fucking door . 	1
lol bully &gt;.&lt; 	1
what's your favourite part to watch in rent? hmm . think the part where te guy at support sings the part makes me tear up=/ la ve boheme is a good one two 	0
i ain't even big enough to be a bully 	1
current worry? how to survive in this crazy chaos of a world i live in . 	0
how big is ur dick ? m obey dick . lol 	1
did u play gabe? wow . i'm not even answering this with a legit response . mind your own business thanks . 	1
@mindlessbhavior princeton ppl say u bully roc is dat true 	1
beautiful background ! say agrees ! :d r what's your worst habit? aha thanks lady . r worst habit: giving everyone the benefit of the doubt . 	0
oh well aren&apos;t you just the shi it for hanging out with older people? get friends your own age you dumb bitch . stu i doo and dont war y bout mee.. 	1
motorist picks the wrong cyclist to bully http://bit.ly/jlfamv via @wash_cycle @streetsblognet 	0
fuck me ? ;d who are you? xd 	1
but sz r u tits? big enough to be big small en hough to be small :d 	1
how often do you go braless? all the time . aha unless we're going out . its huh more comfy ! 	0
@rickhenrique bullying forte 	0
o i wonder.. wow you really are persistent 	0
yo short this bitch fake ! i'm not fake : ) 	1
if you bully others,then you don't love yourself !!-mrs.manwell!! its the dang truth 	0
i nearly ran over a prostitute once with my car.(true story.) what's the craziest thing you've nearly hit? craziest? i havent . only a raccoon . 	0
@tjblack81 my lens is ready for that 8 pack any time.. (not for the bullying) 	0
how fast can you type? pretty fast . 	0
the september international bully prevention magazine is only 7 days away? have you subscribed? it's free ! http://t.co/tmr59uh 	0
if you were given the chance to take care of a monkey for a weekend would you? yeah except i'd be scare it'd eat my face off . 	0
@ashleighbourne @antoniaotterx @missalexwright dont go bullying tone!:) 	0
stop calling taxi ;fake; obviously your the fake bitch that don&39;t have a life i don&39;t know taxi but she seems like a nice person . hahahahah thank you im pretty sure that the an ominous person get the picture now :) ha now i just wanna find out who cheyenne is >.< 	1
@shawtyfrom239 sarah lol u seem like a bully too 	1
if abandoned alone in the wilderness would you survive? most defiantly :] 	0
i'm sorta scared for vinny in high school . he was bullied for wanting to dance , but most likely that's over.. http://t.co/siinaws 	1
@tjprodigy10 bullying facts stop bullying between 15 and 25% of u.s students are frequently bullied 	0
do you bite your lip a lot? nope not really do you? 	0
@drewryanscott some boys of my school bullied me because of my hair .. 	1
why are you stupid why are you stupid? 	1
is there anyone who was in your life that it hurts you to think about? nash 	0
well u say any language.. so.. cuba te back ini bahasa apa.. kanu n gert i ng ga abu ngo long apa? ;) huh!? that does make sense guns something ! mao come again!? lol 	0
@mcnasty0707 damn babes ain't talk to you in a min? you still a bully? lol 	1
have you ever seen a snow leopard or a red panda? nope . i would love to though!! 	0
karel lied i was never a bully lol sahara i was always the nicest dude lol 	1
@crazy_jaysn city is buy in very player linked to the big clubs , pulling very body wit money . let's wait n c if it will bring instance success 	1
what would be worse; finding out there is life in space or finding out that there isn't? worse? that there isn't. 	0
i found you on jensen thingie . i cant really see your picture but i guess your cute? on what? thanks (: 	0
im bored same here : 	0
if you could torture one person with music who would it be and what song would you play? torture isn't really my thing . but anything jonas brothers would do im sure aha 	0
ff uu lets go to the fair 	1
a bullied kid "so emma dust my shirt and pull my pants coz i better look good if this my chance" jobs drake had before becoming a rapper 	1
what is your favorite flavor of water? lemon :] sahara 	0
@bigrennies it was this robot that always talked to you and gave s you facts and useless information mao , but it was fun bullying him 	1
how are you such a hottie? ink . what makes me a hottie? aha 	0
@levonsixd i did ' i was like omg lev is lifesize there ;) jokes i am sorry for all the bullying of you i am doing today.. 	1
@impimmy you are such a bully!! pls try to be as nice as me for once ! xd 	1
what do you wear when trying to get a guys attention? el quant . its how i do . aha dress nicely . i don't really dress myself to get other guys attention . i like to look pretty is all 	0
@jacksta_ now while u r reading ur tweet,this b tha last time i treat and check u . stu about any and all things,u bully,bully me i ignore 	1
favorite band hm i don't have one 	0
@kylephilip leave the legend that is @themichaelowen alone bully 	1
what's a word that rhymes with ;door?; floor . 	0
listen ca$h feat . dan man tha bully - "throw it up" - http://twitrax.com/s/omehf4 	0
@tephuney reese , you are a bully . :) 	1
if you could be a plant what would you choose to be? uranus . hahahah hahahah ha i crack myself up . pluto defiantly :] its the only one thats been a planet and moon at the same time ! thats soo me :] 	0
have you ever walked away from someone who meant a lot to you? yes but it was for the good . they meant a lot to me at the time but at the time i was being a stupid girl . :l 	0
does it bother you when someone says they'll call you and they don't? sometimes if im looking forward to getting the call from that particular person . 	0
@818_dodgersfan @kanguro30 thank you ! he's just a bully 	1
what color are your eyes? brown 	0
someone need a get this @myquotes_swag bitch talking about my dead family members . ill sho her ass cyber bullying ! 	1
gay teens sue minnesota school district over bullying policy http://t.co/hxpqaaz via @timenewsfeed 	0
if you had your own talk show who would your first three guests be? justin bigger demi lovat and barak ibama babay!!:d 	0
hoby takes the lead on bullying @ hoby ti . so happy to work w/ an organization that cares about what is happening with the students we serve 	0
i miss my bully.. 	1
favorite male comedian? dane cook 	0
do you think it's okay for guys to wear pink? sometimes . but its usually gay aha 	0
how do you deal with anger? walk away . 	0
i liked a @youtube video http://t.co/mma4iff fred gets bullied 	0
do you ever think humans will be satisfied? n e v e r . 	0
did you ever go to a summer camp? church camp once . it was fun but we got kicked out . 	0
how often do you lose your voice? i think thats only happened to me once and it was after a bengal game . it was my first stadium game sahara 	0
what was your favorite toy to play with as a child? now how the fuck am i suppose to remember that? weirdo ! may be it was ur moss dick? lol ! 	1
like how many questions do you get in a day? hmm depends . sometimes i get bombarded with questions but here lately since ive gotten on everyday its like 15-20. aha enough i suppose :) 	0
whats up with you and francis?? what do you mean? 	0
big bully http://yfrog.com/h4cspzisj 	0
why do people think that swaying their arm back and forth would change the direction of a bowling ball? gravity..? 	0
do you like politics? do i like them no . do i think they have a big part in society yes . so i take part in them . in america the government is the people . so why do people say they hate politics?r it can make a great conversation sometimes lol 	0
did/do you listen to your parents? i had to listen to my parents . not listening wasn't an option but once i got older and moved out now i take their advice with a grain of salt and do what i want :) 	0
lol..he made more money swallowing the minnow than he did with the "bully protection club" 	0
im a bully , i beat up a white kid and took his weed 	1
are you the kind of friend that you would want to have as a friend? defiantly . i just haven't found anyone like me . 	0
@ryanguyenn gotta protect nance from this twitter bullying ! i guess she was good enough for john mayer song.. 	1
what's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten? a piece of grass? 	0
@pamhewett01 @migdurbeville &gt; some of us even got personally accused of "bullying" - still laugh about it when i recall the story to others 	1
would u go out with an 8th grader named collin stewart nah i dont think so :/ 	1
im in __ bitch!! (your city lol) cincinnati 	0
what do you think of the saw movies? i like them . its sick though to think someone thought of all that stuff lol 	0
when ever you go to goole translate dont use it!! trust me.. sahara what are u talk n bout girl ! 	0
im not the one who called you a whore either aha . i play soccer and run track and did dance for eight years and did gymnastics do you go to poly? 	0
does it bother you when people ask you questions and the answer is in your bio? nash . 	0
@irksra okay , when she phones back just tell her the facts straight out about your situation . don't let her guilt trip you or bully you , ok? 	1
dont you hate it when people are only dating for about 2 days and they put ;i love (the persons name); on there statuses and stuff? i do >.< i hate that so much 	0
bully breakdown 	0
are you telling the truth if you lie in bed? your good . aha 	0
bitch h really your saying she z fat now bitch your proby the fat lonely ass flat chested bitch who c kant get none so stop hating and please bitch take your shit off anonymous dumb ass bitch !! lol the day the bitch takes it off anonymous is the day she grew some balls ! 	1
alright cool :) :)) 	0
you suck =] you do nigra 	1
what would you do if you lost your bathing suit while you were swimming? id keep swimming :] 	0
if someone's underwear was showing would you tell them? yes already . aha 	0
have you every used a turn dial phone? yes actually :) 	0
@paytonraemusic i love your stomp out bullying video ! very inspirational(: i think i will enter..♥ http://t.co/c6nqqwc) 	0
do you think you have habits that annoy other people? im blunt . hah sahara 	0
so after they take that class , they still bully? sh ! oh fuck no ! they got the lil'girl :o nowimmad!! ]:&lt; 	1
u30c4 you come across a zombie eating a waffle on a possible stick holding a dark green toothbrush . what do you do? o o lol u30c4 ohh i defiantly sit down and talk to him . seems that he'd be a pretty interesting zombie . aha 	0
rebecca black getting homeschooled because of bullying? wow . yes her friday song is annoying but death threats to 14 yr olds really? lame 	1
thanks for your time to bitch i swear i would ugh elizabeth u062a rodriguez wwf does ugh meann? your a dumas . 	1
do you prefer hugs or kisses? hmm i think hugs :) i love hugs!! especially from the behind when someone wraps their arms around you <33 there is someone in work who always does it and it makes me melt :)) i obviously like kisses too hmm can i say both? :d be greedy? :d 	1
what is the most embarrassing thing you have every done? i dont really get embarrassed much . it takes a lot . and i mean a lot . lol i just dont care really what people think and i like to make people laugh so it works in my favor :]r r but i would have to say for most people..they would find this embarrassing . i was on a family vac woo whoo in the smokes and we stopped on the side of the road to hang out in a creek and i soo had to take a crap . we were nowhere close to anything and i did in the woods on the side of the road . and of course people pulled right in front of my parents mini and got out to come down in the creek too . i dont think anyone saw me but that was potentially embarrassing . aha my family found it hilarious . 	0
colton wants his blowjob a hahahahahaha . i'm sure :d 	1
if you saw your zipper was down and people had noticed what would you do? laugh h loud and zip it of course :] sahara 	0
help others and stop bullying ! - @bellathorne143 	0
@audreejo this issue is mostly that james potter is a bully , even in the petunia/vernon backstay he is very unlikeable 	1
ice cream pie or cake? ice cream :) 	0
you should die kay 	1
everyone should ask my best friend a-bizzle questions . she doesn't have any followers ! :) http://ww.formspring.me/theonlyabizzle for sure e :] 	0
favorite daytime talk show host? dont watch talk shows . 	0
do you think you're a good friend? fuck yes i think i am ! aha 	0
is there anyone you wish you never met? -_- no 	0
i am not a bully 	1
what am i going to do? sahara what am i going to do? aha what im going to do is get some bitches s to kick the living shit out of your ugly fake wanna be bitch made ass . yea right don't make me laugh 	1
who was the best teacher you've ever had? mmh.. my second grade teach mrs . caldwell <3 	0
ur really odd you think so :] whys that? 	1
what's heaven for you? seeing all the people that have passed away and just living for yourself and not the worldly pleasures like money and sex and blah h bull crap 	0
@iconichavanal yeah it six i hate it then ppl bully me cut of it seriously theres no reason for that 	1
does your closest starbuck have a driveu2013thru? ink i dont do starbuck 	0
have any of you girls used the mens guestroom before? guys have you used the womens restroom? i saw a guy today going into the girls guestroom cut the mens was being cleaned lol!! i was just like wtf?lol yes i have . lol 	0
yup p thanks for the memo if you would reveal your identity we could continue this conversation in depth :) 	0
nut allergy children are bullied for being 'different'. gifted home-school bullying parenting http://t.co/ukegheh 	0
do you know how to speak korean? nope . i know a little thai and some spanish . aha go figure.im seriously the whitest korean chick you'd ever meet :] 	0
say it to my face trick ass nigra i will fx skin murder you i a int trna make no body feel bad so you can hush that you got something to say then please step up &amp;&amp; show a name e fuck inn bitch . w huss up?! . 	1
** guest post ** bullying on campus: stopping having and harassment by glenn rosenberg http://t.co/losxlac via @mommyltloriley 	0
@victoria620_ mao u know that's a lie fool xd i'm not a big bully let's not exaggerate aha 	1
happy birthday bully @itschrisbro_ :) . 	1
whoa this @xhafo ._. stop bullying me zz 	1
bully tools reviews http://t.co/klvhfe7 	0
do you have dreams about becoming famous?: nash 	0
c cup or b cup how about a big cup of stfu? 	1
what is one item that you really should throw away but probably never will? hmm..my first 	0
@neezy_05 can we say ur a bully 	0
well thats just too bad now isn't it? [; yes its very unfortunate :) 	0
i really am , even the people i bully too . now i have to find new people to pick on . i know y'all happy ! lol 	1
do you over think or under think? over think on whats not needed and i seem to under think on what needs the most thinking . 	0
bullying law puts new jersey schools on spot: http://t.co/uwtk6mz 	0
jade is bullying kyle now . weirdest crush ever . neighbours 	1
have you ever been an extra in a movie or commercial? have you ever done any time of modelling or print work? no i havent' but i would love to be a zombie in a movie someday :p and yes i model a little bit here and there . havent lately much though :/ 	0
@stfuimtweetinho lol oo an i'm the bully 	1
i do support you i just wish you d be dating someone actually cute.. not just dating her for her big ass . she's beyond cute she's beautiful..and im not dating her yet so you're wrong about me and my reasons for liking her . 	1
ahh this is cute e [; what's cute? 	0
i get along with all the pretty confident girls we on the same wavelength..its those fungi shriek looking bi she that try to bully me lol 	1
i dont think your a virgin btw . xd sahara i don't think so too ;d 	1
do you give it up easy? as in sex wise :| or do you play hard to get it? no . im with my first and am gladly in love with him-r hard to get is always better ! :) 	0
mao you're fucking creepy &amp; must have no friends nor life if you have to create multiple form springs of yourself saying there fakes . quit thinking everyone wants to be you &amp; they copy you . no one would fake you . i'm sorry your such a pathetic poser . your the one who is creepy stalker 	1
ow much cash do you have on you? none . i dont have pockets on right now lol 	0
wallabies will attempt to bully all blacks: this could be good . the wallabies by all reports have been smashing .. http://t.co/iekxxiv 	0
do you like vitamin water? no . its not as good for you as ;they; say . water is best for me :] 	0
it's your cousin again lol :] why is everyone saying your fake? they are stupid 	0
if you were given a chance to go to the moon would you go? why or why not? yes . because i want to go to the moon . i want to know if its made of cheese :) 	0
you d fight for lindsey? im a girl . id love to see it sahara well then i can't fight you cani? and if you don't mind me asking why do you dislike her? 	0
what is your idea of a perfect date? there is no perfect lol but i suppose with a funny guy-polite random and spontaneous may be a night out at a 70's club and dress up go to dinner before . aha that'd be fun!! :) 	0
@_glitterjizz @601136508169711 exactly . they're a bully . 	1
why do you fake yurself? i don't fake myself 	0
so from stalking you i've come to realize that you would only date one girl and her name is mika?! im sorry whatnoww?! after all the love and devotion i've given you? we are through . >:[ oh..ohno..please. please don't do this to me . 	1
sahara nope ! .. uhh!! omg ! taquisha? lol ! 	0
zip it dempster baby? can you get anymore lesbian? hahahahaha actually i can ;d but wtf? hahahaha 	1
so you'll text me when you can again right? <3 yeah :) 	0
what do you prefer to drink in the morning? water . 	0
do you fear or respect the law more..why do you say that? fear . only because of the corrupt ness of it all . 	0
@lw7 ahh thanks hun . xx but nutting can make me feel better er . i'm afraid feelings been hurt . tis bullying ya know xx 	1
i have a sad story.today i was having a conversation with this 15 year old boy who told me he gets bullied in school and kids tell him he.. 	1
happy to announce my daughter dint get starred down by the big bully at the bus stop today . glad i dint have to whoop her ass ! goodday!! 	0
what ss up with people hating g on you jit . you better not be fighting anyone that&apos;s trashy and stupid laura a but you know i always got your back . and you dont have an ugly body so stop agreeing with them dumas . i love you . hah love you baby gurll<33 	1
@stoiq4 all u did was pop rubber bands at me while i was studying..smh..bully 	1
(this one is bothering me a bit.) why does it seem like most everyone wants to know if the world will end in 2012? are we going to fear it till it's over like y2k? yup probably 	0
this chick telling jeff he's a bully . wow . 	1
bully @jenziih !! :d “@velo_rubedo: my plans for tonight seem to fall apart d: what to do now?” 	0
do alert: bullying epidemic spreads to cat world: http://t.co/ppz5k8m 	0
hey . why you such a bitch? why thank yuh ! 	1
i am not about to play wit you @samiamhermister! my i big sis is a bully 	1
have you broken any bones? if so how? aha nash ive just fractured some thumbs b hut it z all good lol 	0
i started cutting when i was in 7th grade 'cause people at school everyday bullied me . saturday night confessions 	1
can't she just stop bullying me on facebook? i did nothing to her . 	1
have you ever entered a contest and won? ye 	0
how do they get the ;keep off the grass; sign on the grass? i'd like that one explained to me too ! i hate being restricted to sidewalks . 	0
when was the last time you flipped someone the bird? i don't do that . i think its childish and uncalled for . it ruins peoples day . 	0
i hate waking up to bullshit text.. what happen to trna sweet talk a chick into liking you .. nigg ss trna bully a bitch now days 	0
what has caused you the most physical pain? physical? hmm..uhh i guess that would be when i crashed going way y to fast down a hill on rollerblades in a dress and i fell into dirt that was better than concrete but sure felt just as hard . scraped all my legs elbows and hands up . it hurt lol 	0
do you like alice in wonderland? :) not really the second one so much . it had some good underlying morals and all but the movie itself drug on and on i thought . 	0
can help all those in workplace bullying situations to find a comfortable place to exist . http://ww.equalityedge.org.uk 	1
i am the victim brian ! i just be chillin' trying not to get bullied or hoed . lol 	1
if you don't wanna be asked anymore questions or whatever just let me know in my into . if your boyfriend or girlfriend cheated on you would you take them back? have you ever done this before? what circumstances would have to be met for this to happen? okay y . no . no . none . 	0
i may bully you but i love you lots . just like jelly tots ! 	1
why do we say ;heads up; when we actually duck? because your supposed to look up and be aware something is going to potentially hit you in the head..therefore i do look up just quickly and aware!! you should do the same . think about it ! :) 	0
have you ever cried from being so mad? always seems like.. 	0
are you guys building a treadmill in there though? @cchhrrii @claiirebearr .. @mandafrapp is bullying me and my shocks 	1
i liked a @youtube video http://t.co/jsrbrsp bully cat stuffs cat in box 	0
@luvsthejacksons if threatening to expose your harassment and cyber-bullying to your job is harassment..then (cont) http://t.co/aoog1tt 	0
do you bite your lip a lot? not really 	0
xdfcvghjkl dsfdsfdsgfdfgsd 	0
good night every one ! ! spam me and i will do the same ** kisses ** kk 	0
@taylor_tot91 @marvintodd901 really i just wanna bully you 	1
things we need to change bullying between teenagers ! definitely is what i think we need to change 	0
lol @lond_lebo would you honestly smack me? ahh you a bully.. blackie 	1
do you have an in nie or an outtie? in nie . 	0
how long does it take you to get to work or school? not long 	0
visit? plc *-* http://ww.e-castig.com/index.php?r=r1wwn kk 	0
@eyeslam you're being mean to me ! you're a cyber bully . 	1
i stopped being a bully 2 weeks ago . 	1
do you give smart ass answers to quest ions or answer them with a good answer? depends on the question really but both :) 	0
i never said that i'm 16 or that i'm sexy . dumas are you sure bitch? 	1
@scwjett7 i can tell lol . that , and you bully me . what happened to all those good times we shared?! 	1
if her biggest fear is the bully on the play ground she to young for you bro 	0
they're bullying me . = = x)) http://t.co/mq4euia 	1
what is your favourite ride at an amusement park? the beast . 	0
@max_power83 it's not bullying . we are just having fun at your expense . and you aren't crying yet . aha 	1
christian right calls al franked a liberal bully for exposing their big lie http://tinyurl.com/3zvgpox 	1
im okay ty :) wubu2 ? just been hanging out with the friends [: 	1
by nightmarish visions and is bullied by the student erm ji-yun (choi ah-jin). eun-su finds it difficult to get respect in the classroom and 	1
@shiying_ only know how to torture & bully me 	1
why does tarzan have a beard? he shaves . 	0
how often do you go to spa? never been :( 	0
do you like lady gaga? papa papa pa shore do :] aha r i like any thing i can do the robot to aha 	0
au gala is the biggest piece of shit eva a but she not the pussy ^^ anonomouss.;] nice try tho;]u2665 	1
never be bullied into silence . never allow yourself to be made a victim . accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself . ♥ 	0
y does u talk shit about peyton ? because we went friends y does u k are nigga.;] and btw u kan get out my bus s ness . 	1
study finds that teachers experience cyber bullying , too http://t.co/sm1y9da i wonder if nj's new bullying policy cover this 	0
@mfalzonfanpage aha nice , well that's not bullying thats just asking :-) 	0
http://t.co/xhtrpsc @planetjedward anti-bullying campaign 	0
feel like im getting bullied into babysitting tomorrow night so my sister can go get laid . absolute bullshit . not sure what 2 do @cruzinruby 	1
@yasminesaoudi i can be a bully if i want , next time i see im going to throw you in the trash can , yup thats right :d 	1
have you ever gotten fired from a job? nope :) 	0
have you been out of country if so where? canada :] 	0
omg have you seen the pictures of u on emogasm.com lol hahahaha that a big lie:) 	1
why do people always think something can't happen to them until it does? the perks of being human i per some . 	0
do you have a secret that no one knows but you? does everyone.. 	0
how many pairs of underwear do you own?: really? show your face . 	0
are you more of a talker or more of a listener? listener definitely chu z i get cut off a lot so i just listen or ignore ppl ! 	0
i guess just getting bashed on and bullied since january has made me an insecure , low self esteemed , low confidence d , drag . 	1
if love is blind why is lingerie so popular? i dont get t 	0
toothpaste that you are using? colgate i think . its the minty kind :p 	0
definitely true ! :d i've been learn in it for 5 years cut i've ferns h origins aha ;) ahh!!;) wow 5yrs! man its a gorgeous language ! i love it!! this is my first year learn in it ! aha debbie ! 	0
go find buried treasure with me? of course . x marks the spot!! arg im soo ready :] 	0
do you think that animals dream? yes . 	0
“@ky_williams14: so i picked layla h up from daycare and they say she's becoming a little bullying not my baby lol” she did hit bella mao ! 	1
@siriuslyamazin7 you arrogant , bullying morag . sealed . married we shall be for sure now . 	1
what was the most awkward situation in your life? awkward? i dont have too many awkward situations in my life..so to think of right now ink really..hmm ill get back to you on that . 	0
sarah . funny how u defend that be liber kid . &amp; its also funny how u stalked my whole twitter ! nice go in ! bitch ! 	1
@japrincess_ i can't sleep lol how ma bully 	1
@zendayaagency o i'm sorry please don't call me a bully 	1
@katie_ogden @boybandslut @stephwall27 @bamitsshaz @xstephh_ i was not bullying her ! she's trying to steal jean martyn from mee ! :'( xx 	1
@iainlee go and tell them to stop being a pair of bully's! 	1
your ugly as fu uk ( : betty is 100% prettier than you u so stop being a bitch h . push yea right 	1
jonas brother star is being baby bullied: http://t.co/tzfjx2q 	0
are you vegetarian? nope . i don't eat much meat actually but i don't think i need to label myself to eat what i want when i want it . lol . i love e me some veggies <3 	0
are you double jointed? no pee 	0
what did you eat for breakfast today? cereal ! 	0
do you daydream sometimes? what do you often daydream about? yes and its never things i can remember . i just daze off lol 	0
officials , teachers , students discuss bullying in hartford - meriden record-journal http://t.co/ucetr4i 	0
what do you think about formspring.me so far? its da shit ! fun stuff 	0
if you were abducted by aliens would you tell anybody? why or why not? yes . cause it would totally be a we some as long as they didn't do experiments and stuff on me sahara 	0
what movie has the best soundtrack? hmm..broken bridges 	0
is @truace single!? yess!!4 thee last t timee!! ask him http://ww.formspring.me/truace 	0
@gacmjfanforevaa omg now she i'd tweet ing zak saying her night int going good because of people cyber bullying her omg does she get it? 	1
what was the last thing you made with your own hands? a painted wooden dragon . 	0
which is more annoying being caught in the rain without an umbrella or finding out you don't have enough money to pay for something you really need? the 2nd one!! 	0
@ddlovato int it sad when denis fans bully people on behalf of demi? am i wrong or is denis main goal to stop bullying?!?! 	1
bully breakdown 	0
have you ever swallowed an object by accident? i dont think so . a bug a few times lol when im riding my bike but thats about it . 	0
what do you think about people who give one word answers to nearly everything? there either trying to get through a bunch of questions or thats all they had to say on the topic of the question 	0
what is your motto? if it isn't broken don't try to fix it :] 	0
y3ah im sur3 sh3 d0nt want y0u.. oh thats bad news :/ and nice gay typing dude 	1
http://tinyurl.com/yjd9bj5/index.php?id=7ac8d181c8c3121ebc1b18186124b8b8 gay y 	1
who were the last people you ate with? timothy . and my fishy arnold . :) i named him arnold after the tv show hey ! arnold . have you seen that movie?haha 	0
the angel of death has descended upon you . fortunately the angel of death is pretty cool and in a good mood and it offers you a half-hour to do whatever you want before you bite it . watch gonna do in that half-hour? help as many people as i can that i either do or don't know . as many . spend all my money give as much as i can make a difference . give all that i can..in one half hour . 	0
and it was an interesting question that i asked to get that hobo statement lol what was the question? 	0
@aaryn31flavors exactly aha , but i feel you . aha i've been called a bully a few times aha ! 	1
harry potter or lord of the rings? harry potter cause ive never seen the lord of the rings . 	0
i fucking hope you move you bitch!! good thing your not even showing your name . and i did to you was say i dint wanna go to brock? 	1
how&39;s having like no friend&39;s ? hmm im not sure i'll tell you when that happens . i have plenty . 	1
tweet n sucks w/o @agbessitomisin @remiomoyele @mikistones and i miss @ms_zubrina she z such a bully ! 	1
okay i am done slamming for right now . i will more later tonight . my husband is cooking dinner and i am about to eat . but please spam me back . and i hope you all have a great night ! <3 -chloroformgrl k 	0
u ever play beer pong? yes i have before . many a times :p ha 	0
last question for right now . you have the choice to save the life of the person who has hurt you the most do you do it? if you don't no one will know . yes i would . i would love the opportune e of saving another persons life . and everyone gets hurt..but is being hurt worth not saving another beings life? i dont think so . i'll save them!! :) 	0
i love taxi but she's getting a little too childish.. seems like a bully now.. 	1
i am going to go to bed now . i still have a lot of stuff on my mind . ehh.. well have a good/day. <3 leave me things . k 	0
what is your guilty pleasure disney movie? disney . pocahontas by far 	0
@iadoredawsonx3 and the people thinks i'm crazy and bully me 	1
wow you're fucking stupid . you told a girl whoo had her info showing ;show your face anonymus; and your comebacks fucking suck . ;fighting over the internet is like being in the special olympics even when you win you're still retarded.; um looks who's talking your talking shit to me . stop being a hypocrite (: 	1
tools y is ewe she gonna kick you ass :0 lol 	1
@crazii_bratz o shit bully part 2 ok lol . am go in to try to slid thru 	1
how do you express your anger? i don't unless im really mad then i cry . 	0
@elenfaith2694 wth ! not again ! people are just sick . its sad to see they have nothing better to do then to bully . 	1
@sexydraco bullied for what?? 	0
your rude , your racist , your disguising , you can't spell , your a bully ! nobody wants you on twitter , so just leave 	1
have you ever heard of a rug-muncher? i was just wonder.lol can you tell me what it is i herd one thing it might be but not sure and ill post on yours lol 	1
do you still believe to the race concept? like asian black and white are different type of races? or you prefer to use the term ethnic group? i don't really think much about it honestly . race ethnicity differences color..its all the same meaning to me . :] we're all different . 	0
whatu2019s your favorite shoe? summer sandals 	0
what's your favorite type of flower? pink roses!(: 	0
kick k her ass?? vv aha wwf try her bitch i dare yuh!! ill alexis lol ill too!! 	1
@nevie_nevada r u ready for high school?? d way i'll make dem bully u er . muahahaha!! 	0
is life more meaningful if you live for someone [s.o.] or living a life to die for a cause for the better of humanity? explain . i believe both are good :) i had an awesome elaborate answer to this but form spring dint make it show up so that is all . 	0
video: bully kit teh stuffs other kit teh into box http://t.co/5t0c0f1 	0
@6ft8_dwarf someone in my hometown i managed to bully into spending time with me lol . it starts at 8, i thought that was quite late 	1
@jedrusthfc greens getting bullied too ! come on you bulls 	1
have you ever dreamed something then it came true? yes . dea vu 	0
http://t.co/ggq1a5v its go in down "bedroom bully" style aug20thclubgravity er'1 free b4 12am $10 adv kixx music by power 105's own @djnorie 	0
bullying has got too stop.. the title of the book i am writing . 	0
mao my nephew is the biggest bully , and he's only 4 lamb o ! 	1
which power ranger is the best? the yellow one ! 	0
does it look like i give a flying fuck? ;] you should cause you're a friendless faggot 	1
im a girl:) oh wow ! how do i know you? :) 	0
u a hoe.! thnn for spend in the tyme out of your day to some see how im du ing im fine u?? and explain how aujala's a hoe?? wait see u kent k us im not by hater much love [muahszz) oh yeah some again . 	1
have you saved a life? yes . i worked at a hospital and i feel i contributed to saving a lot of lives :) 	0
lol what's this with people asking you about smelling your feet? and apparently in an even stranger twist someone already has smelled your feet? yeah 	0
if your going to be rude &amp; give smart ass answers; we will un follow you . :] okay 	1
;damn girl cover up ur damn ass boobies!!; mao o xd wow . too bad you don&apos;t :/ too bad i dont what? 	1
how old is your inner child? 4 	0
dick face ): what if dicks had faces? 	1
if my questions bother you please let me know . cause i am sick of ;idk; answers . seriously i am . like badly . i dont hardly give ink answers to your questions much so i dont believe your referring to me . but i feel like you don't read my answers anyway soo idc if you spam me so much.. 	0
did you make fun of people in school? not at all 	0
is jon the person u like? noo its s not t 	0
has anyone ever taken a picture of you while you were asleep? yes 	0
have you ever been rude to someone without even realizing it? yes but i hate that so much . i usually try to make up by saying something funny :) 	0
ever done something you're em are sed about ?? nope . 	0
are your underwear and socks folded in your drawer or just thrown in? folded . 	0
have you ever been ice skating? yes . love it 	0
have you ever found a really great place that you kept kind of secret so only you can enjoy it? yeah 	0
do you like cats? nope . not a cat person . 	0
fake doesn&39;t mean you look pretty? okay well the question that was asked was if i was fake as in using someone else pictures off the internet . and really i take that as a compliment because all the people who are ''fake'' i think look re all pretty soo stu . 	1
how can we make a big difference in this world? be truly kind to one another . 	0
@imso_odd lol . hush ! you bully :) 	1
what's the best gift you've ever given? the important 1 is love b hut ive given people themselves ! like i let my friends have themselves instead of me ! it helps to see who they are as a person ! very important ! rise versa . 	0
@niishmaxoxo @maverick_e @zak_f @element_aa @missfeema bullied? we treated u like a princess look u should be grateful 	1
what movie do you know every line to? shriek 	0
how old were you when you went on your first flight? where did you go? never flew . hopefully soon tho!! im not scared just haven't had the opportunity :( 	0
@sjtoplin if i was a bully i would have used your name . 	1
how much money do you need right at this moment to be happy? none . im happy without money . :] 	0
@djtop10 brahma bully season penny 	0
@jackwilshere @piersmorgan what an idiot @joey7barton is . nothing but a bully!! 	1
ispcc's anti-bullying campaign - http://t.co/jf5yzgr 	0
can you cook? can you see the moon at night? sometimes :) ha-ha 	0
between a man and a woman who cheats more? why? ink i think it swings both ways pretty strongly . the human race is never satisfied and i believe that both sexes have the ten hence y to cheat . at all ages and for all reasons . 	0
if you could punch one celebrity without any repercussions who would it be? taylor swift 	1
cbs big brother good riddance , jeff . you're an arrogant bully & your own hubris brought you down . sorry to see dani go , though ! 	1
wow you guys are soo an no ing hope the fuck off au jal as page e :) lol ill jessika;] 	1
do you get excited over cameras?: i love cameras . show your face you 	0
this guy @milahdenise talkin real reckless on this here twitter . trna cyber-bully a nigra lol 	1
well i had to put my two cents in [: aha i gotcha :d 	0
@fantastik_zae2 big ass bully ! 	1
int that quote from alice in wonderland? yes it is :] 	0
how do you feel when you have a hunch someone's not paying attention to what you have to say? annoyed lol 	0
soo fat need to loose some weight then i might stop being bullied!! :( lets hope so ! never say never 	1
mao @_himoverthere5 is a bully 	1
@tweedlz i'm not a bully just an obvious state 	1
do you ever count your steps when you walk? any time i think about do in that i forget im counting and then by the time i get to the end im like dang it!! aha 	0
would you rather be a famous musician or a famous actor? not a guy ! aha may be a cheerleader aha uk uk ! 	0
soo sorry this is late!!:) im jug z do in mo thur freaking boring!!:) zz zz snore snore!!:) lamb o h hahahaha ah ohh noo problem mamas ! aha me2 im soo exhausted d *yawn* *ywan* mao ! 	0
so .. sober sunday messed up monday trashed tuesday wasted wednesday thirsty thursday fucked up friday shitfaced saturday whats your favorite day of the week umm..sober sunday? 	0
hi my name is andrew and i want to fuck your brains out you hoe o_o noah noah . that's nice . 	1
@iconiamme there is this girl the has the same name as u and people r saying she killed herself cut of bullying and she was a grander :( 	1
i hate simo a . jus . hru? :3 i hate you too lol jokes and not much you? 	1
your ugly x)! thanks but i think you need jesus in your life 	1
i squirt sperm to your pictures umm..r cool? 	1
can you do push ups? yup sure can :) 	0
when was the last time you went to the beach? where did you go? 2007. wow to think about it it's been too long anyways.. to panama for a graduation girls vac ! 	0
have you ever returned an item to a store for a refund after having used it? not really 	0
i love you you are gorgeous ! thank you 	0
us now trying to bully niki leaks for passage info with patriot act http://t.co/agezwst 	0
if i'm not happy with my classes this week , i'm gonna take the role as a bully and be an asshole . watch out lower-classmen. it will be ugly . 	0
stop annoying betty btw . you're a really sad little girl/boy . you think ur all grown up now using big words . stupid child living a fake life behind a damn keyboard and a screen . how more pathetic can you be ? girl i'm not fake hun 	1
@truealexlambert sahara ! ni ice ! the bully's down - and you win ! 	1
rebecca black drops out of high school b/c of bullying . lordy lordy http://read.bi/qm3eq4 	1
cynthia i was trna give you some play but you was pulling . 	0
do you think psychics are real? ink sometimes . 	0
what would be the first three words you would teach a parrot if you had one? ewe three more words :] aha r hello . there . goodbye . 	0
think of a movie that starts with the letter k k-pax. watch it :) 	0
how much did you get for your teeth? like a buck or what 	0
ignored , friendless , outcast , bullied 	0
do yew kno yew u l yy as fukc? do yew kno dat yo mom iz stank ass hoe mao 	1
chocolate or vanilla? chocolate ! aha h ! 	0
cant believe they bullied rebecca black out of school!! she is only human she doesn't deserve hate!! :| leave the poor girl alone ! 	1
what was the last movie you saw in the theater? what was the last movie you paid to see? shutter island for both . paid at the theatres :] 	0
yeh you r right.. how should the 1 be?? i have no bf too!:) yeh h hahaha..idk.its weird..boys r boys so im me!!alone sarah 	0
what do you think could cause you to explode? ignorance is really annoying . im guessing your meaning my anger? soo yeah i cant stand run ness . its not necessary and i can totally rip a persons head for trying to degrade another . it drives me cra izzy :0 aha 	0
like who? like dakota whore<3 	1
school..kinda tell me about yourself :) 	0
did you ever play duck duck goose as a child? yes of course ! 	0
when you were little what did you want to be when you grew up? a writer . i wanted to be a writer creative novelist so bad . 	0
oh well 2 bad you're very annoying 	0
what's the best part of your day? when timmy gets home :) 	0
yu a dam l yee mikey yu kno ya mom be hh t earn ya as z up . mao wea yew get dat from 	1
do you think that a size 10 is fat? i'm trying to be a size 5 by the end of the year . omg no way!! 10 is actually small!! don't change thee way you look 4 anyone!! b hut your slf . kay?! 	0
not even michaela? michael a int shit ! 	1
@mosleytribe @sugarshanem well if he threw more punches at floyd we would have gotten an exciting fight..but he let the little guy bully him 	1
name 10 of your favorite things? timothy.r sherbert.r dancing.r my family.r making arts stuff.r being outside.r writing.r movies.r rollerblading.r &amp;&amp;r form spring :] 	0
@rissuh123 a we ! sarah how cute . i hate the most t when kids bully him , i seriously want to strangle them all . -__- 	1
do you have any phobias? if so what are they? not really that i can think of . 	0
the woul b so cool if u were here so i can me u!! i kerr that mud be awesome!! i wish ;d 	0
@wu_fei actually i just realized , this isn't running man and wang soo is still being bullied . lol . d: noo wang soo :'( 	1
are you nice to people you dislike? yes . karma :] 	0
hello i would just like to tell you that i think your soo perfect and adorable a liar and totally kissable''and im pretty into you<3 do i have a chance? [; you definitely have a chance baby and i'm really into you too :)) hopefully when i see you there will be some kissing going on<3 and i'm not perfect you are<33 	0
yes , i've been bullied . it hurts . a lot . stop bullying . 	1
sonic or mcdonald's? sonic 	0
do you prefer to ask question or answer them? why do you think this is? both :) 	0
@botdfmusic i need adivce.i have started 2 let the inner me come out& b/c of this i get bullied& shit . what should i do about the bullying? 	1
ew you're gross . ugly . bitch not as gross as you bitch 	1
oh goodness /: what? :( 	0
so who is it that you like? uh i'm not totally sure right now i'm sort of torn between two people . 	0
but i'm no bully 	1
do you have a favorite jim carry movie? he's not really one of my favourites . but i likes mask . 	0
do you get mad when people lie to you? if i care about the person lying to me.. 	0
@lickmypretty_ but after tommorrow their will be no more bullying , u and ure no hands self!, femme catch u outside mrs vaughn s class 2morro 	1
favorite animal? dogs . 	0
@jlowrie12 i loves you.. :) and i was just called a bully via twitter.. ha ! 	1
well would you believe that youse got me ;love stoned;? ink what ;love stoned; is.. so ink aha 	0
if rabbits feet are so lucky then what happened to the rabbit? ha yeah i know right? 	0
i hope you dna think k y hur pretty case y hur not ! well you're uglierr(: your life just get lower r each day . so keep talking your shit.! 	1
if you could ask god any one question what would it be? why 	0
what is stressing you out most right now? i dont even want to talk about it . and stress is overrated . i just dont like to think about it 	0
what's the number one thing you want to achieve in your life? success . 	0
karl to ricky; "it did feel like bullying when you hit me on the head with your mobile phone to see what sound it made" anidiotabroad2 	0
yo vagina floppy mao id nt have one 	1
like aha bitch i get to walk and you have to drive ! since ma bully it'll make me feel better 	1
@demiisunbroken_ tool is bullying me??! well , not really bullying she is just calling me a bitch :o ;d but its nothing bad , i can handle her 	0
here's a cookie eat it : d yay not not 	0
no im serious you wear too much make up you should calm it down how funny i haunt worn make up for almost two weeks 	1
be honest: do you have a song by ozzy osbourne in your library? nope . 	0
i can never understand what pleasure these idiots get out of bullying and threatening people on twitter.. :( 	1
are you fat? nope 	0
i think it's ironic that we is in a campaign about bullying when most wrestling fans have been bullied for being wrestling fans . raw 	1
@yagurllikeittho mao oh i dont kill those . i bully them ! 	1
bullying needs stop ! stop bullying 	0
i wanna conk some of team mindless heads bigtime.. when i catch the person who's been bullying.. 	1
b xtc hh who yew t waking q tew lol yew due !! 	1
@missredlate @aisyahturner @syaheerastellar @chloe_joyy @metalheadme07 @shaifulone all-light, we shall bully that filipino next time , k? 	0
who was the last person to call you? dad . 	0
:d nada umm.. what? u dint know jose was my first kiss? 	0
fav ve song ? alejandro by lady gaga 	0
@riiriibu oh r right ! lol /points at carr-onion, laughs & runs away/ bullied 	0
whwhwhwhoa just slow down . huh!? what do you mean they blew up the death star? f**ck! f*ck! f*ck! f*ck! f*ck! f*ck! whos they? what the hell is an aluminum falcon huh? 	0
if you saw someone in public with toilet paper stuck to their shoe would you tell them? yeah!! i don't understand why people don't tell others about that kind of stuff??!?!? it drives me crazy . everyone would want someone to tell them if it were happening to them!! 	0
do you miss your hometown? lol no 	0
ugly piece of shit stop talking about yourself . 	1
r u gay nah bro i'm straight as can be 	1
what if there immune d to being potty trained? well then they probably like being in diapers like you 	1
i dint workout again today..im just gonna redo the whole week r omg you better not be moody for real cause ill like slap you through the screen lol 	1
do you like to clean? yea i don't like it when it's dirty 	0
what is your favorite thing to do with friends? just hang out . used to be drink all the time but ive kinda of had to grow out of that stage . so anymore its having dinner and hanging out till late bullshit ing ;] 	0
do you think we will always find a reason to go to war? yes . 	0
@noartienoparty yeah yeah yeah , you cyber bully . 	1
@k4kendra ..loved chris till hanna got bullied..so they is my guy 	1
yo dawg i herd u like cans so we put a can in yo can so you can have a can while on the can dude thank you soo much that's what i've always wanted!! aha 	0
last time you saw your best friend? a week ago 	0
ashley cyrus..r cyrus is a lame last name.r everyone knows if your a cyrus you gotta be fake and you're probably re all ugly in real life.r mao . due of course cyrus isn't my real last name it's my fake last name . 	1
suicide is the 3rd leading cause of death of kids our age . stop bullying & judging . love everyone & you will learn to love yourself . 	0
me pathetic?? your the one who started the shit.. so? 	1
you suck v4g aww thanks [: 	1
the last thing i want to do before i die is.. everything on my bucket list.r skydiver make babies r grow old r have a garden r help someone drastically r .. 	0
do you think that society has become emotionally detached? emotionally detached? yes . society is cold . 	0
what do you wish you were doing instead of answering this question? :) answering a better more creative question . 	0
no it's too fun then you must have a very dull life..loser 	1
@toodamnawesam @sofiawhat bully . =| 	1
you give me wood go play in traffic :( 	1
i am done slamming for right now . i am still sort of tired . leave me things . i will spam more later <3 kk thanks for all your spam in a can . 	0
what do you think is your most attractive feature? my eyes ! they are light brown and beauty due in the sun!(; thanks god ! oh and my hands ! and ass lol uk uk ! 	0
bb13 boohoo i'm so glad jeff got evicted . he thinks he can say & do what he wants to people . he's such a bully . aww dani ur girls came thru 	1
are you single? yea 	0
do you think if we knew how the world was going to end we'd go insane? yes polly 	0
oh visit me if you travel the world kthxbye . xx sarah hell yes ! i will mamas!!<3 love u ! 	0
@_chocolatekisse dam devon get off her . see sh yu dam bully 	0
bullying subscribe to my free self-defense bully blow rss feed http://t.co/ptq5csx 	0
trick or the mind or trick of the eye? trick of the mind and the eye . 	0
don't you hate how greasy chips are? yes . i dont eat them . aha 	0
your thing says your very sexy.. lollo hah ! lies ! ! :) stalker much? 	1
aha ! daisy mastic rates ! - a schoolyard cow bully , picking on another cow , named daisy . 	0
do you own a vibrating toy ;) it's big and pink and fluffy ;) ;) aha ! 	1
drunk girl , crying girl , fighting girl . tequila redburn 	0
@yungpaidblessed , he used to bully all in the bathroom , ll 	1
bit chez z below w me i would say ur name but yew w put it on anonymous pussy ass bit chez talkin shit on alexis she ck an show herr fu ken boobs if she wants don&39;t be jealous cut yew w polly don&39;t ga wt any it&39;s ok tho and bitch wen she say z write to her she mao haters<3 	1
@liban_93 is fuck n twitter bully , die slow u grenade launcher 	1
ew i come back and everyone is hating on @gagaglobal for one small mistake..stop bullying monsters ! please enough drama on here already . 	1
“@8ltaylor “@__gtfo @8ltaylor mao o you done pissed this hoe off , she mad . sh bully.”” hold on who a hoe? 	1
@kassiesuniquee i'm like this 24/7 i've been bullied and abused since i was born.. 	1
my a nut is in the hospital and might die , and my cousin just got cyber bull ed and crying her eyes out . &lt;/3 	1
please can i poop in your mouth no . and anonymous ness is just your way of not being able to show yourself . at least have the dig nig ty to leave your name if your going to talk . ba ha-ha ! 	1
in your opinion what is the best thing about being a nurse? im not a nurse yet . but i would say the never-ending need to keep helping people . its more than the average person could do.. r may be this way i can make a difference . if not in the world in someone's life . :] 	0
i hate when people are mad at for no reason at all..what about you? i dislike that 	0
bullying victims can fight back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty - http://t.co/5e1veqr 	0
i luv listening to reggae when it rains ( brings the sunshine out of me ) bed room bully 	0
am not ! you z a hoe &amp; a bay bay . im n at a hoe ! ur a weenie ! 	1
how long does it take you to get ready in the morning? 30 mins tops 	0
i bet you are a ..nemo..star..shit >>..cow fag get lol well z obviously i cant be them all you n00b lol 	1
@emmieot like two i feel like a big bully but he's really annoying me look 	1
have you kissed more than ten people this year? defiantly not . one :] 	0
foot foot got a my touch today lol just thought id share that with all nice . rub it in sahara 	0
@crazii_bratz read u an ya ya brother tweet lol you bully 	1
what award would you love to win and for what achievement? hmm..idk many awards but if there was a kindness award of some kind and it was achieved by helping others . id like that :) 	0
what's your dream car? something cute and me!! aha you kno? well a beamer is my dream car basically ! or a porsche ! 	0
@amymarie2534 and your previous one "my story"… you've recited my story , more or less . i too was bullied a lot , thru jr high and hs . 	1
where in the world do you live ?? i am in wyoming in the states ohio in the states . hahahaha 	0
r u gay ? who are you? 	1
nut allergy children are bullied for being 'different' | mail online: jamie berry's peanut allergy causes such c.. http://t.co/umcbtm8 	0
ariana's first play date.. bullying already.. stealing people's socks!! hahahaha ! babies http://instagr.am/p/jf0ia/ 	1
how many keys are on your keychain? four 	0
do you do your own dishes? have to 	0
guys @cwynw is bullying me while i'm ill ;) 	1
if you eat chicken nuggets what do you usually dip them in? i don't . but when i was little sweet and sour sauce from mickey d's :] hahahha 	0
well don't because it's crude . crude? 	0
anyone or someone particular? kinda..but ink if she's still feeling it.. 	0
thought @perezhilton was gonna stop being a bully journalist not a critic hater 	1
bullying is not ok one of my friends just killed himself because of all of these bullies r.i.p chris :( u will be missed 	1
relation to miles cyrus? what 	0
@thechewandvomit @delibernation @spinsvixenella she is clueless about bullying 	1
hey @att @thejusticedept thinks your a big bully too ! no more suffering for our fellow americans ! http://t.co/oeqyn6b 	0
.. i c aussies are starting to get smarter now a day z lmao.. mao woo w u hater thats ok cause i have nothing but love to throw around lol 	1
if you could have anyone locked in a room so that you could torment them for a day whom would you choose and how would you torment them? torment isn't much my style . 	0
is there anything weird that you do? i like to be make ed 	0
@polzie @moshanthi who should we bully? 	0
do you shrug it off or cry for hours? shrug it off . :] aha no time to deal with petty bull ship . 	0
how come sheep don't shrink when it rains? its just the way this world works these days . aha 	0
@henrywinter yeh but you got bullied at school you fucking rent boy . 	1
concert you went to that you will never forget? carrie underwood concert . it was awesome :] 	0
re tweet if you're 100% against bullying . if you re tweet this , you're an inspiration to me . &lt;3 	0
really? because i know many people who dont like you . most of them claim to be your friend . soo stu :) sahara why are you telling me to stu when you wasted your time write ing that? mao ok kaa yy jordan . 	1
if you had an accident and you had to be at home to recover for a long time what would you do to relieve the boredom? i love sudoku's :] read paint i think i would be just fine recovering :) 	0
any plans to become a doctor someday? nope . i don't want to be a doctor . only a nurse . traveling nurse actually :] 	0
what is your favorite movie? along came polly . 	0
in the beginning of time how do you think we learned how to communicate? o egg ahh book hh 	0
are you always trying to learn new things? yes . 	0
is u gay hello no bx th clear itt of mi ish!! 	1
its funny cause the bully think they are all tough and they end up getting their ass kicked in the cage 	0
"i'll be a bully until i'm due some respect." that's what a former bully told me . 	1
you should ask her if she still ;feelin it; so you know for sure and why are you trying to give me advice.? 	0
do you get cold sores often?: nope . show your face? why dont you? 	0
i dna get cyber bullying . yeah it's bad 2 bully ppl on the internet but if u dna want it 2 happen , why mud u be on social networking sites 	1
i pub you joie(: (: ah-ha his ceara.. 	0
can you go underwater without holding your nose? yes ! aha neat trait of mine.. i can plug my nose with my lips :] 	0
what do you dread doing but have to do it? huh not really anything . 	0
new music @raspyrawls - bully's indie hip hop rap louisiana - http://t.co/ucchh14 	0
have you ever played baseball? yes . 	0
so rebecca black was bullied so much she had to drop out of middle school and become home-schooled instead.. 	1
cyber bullying and sex ting a growing trend among teens: students across the county are back in school this week,.. http://t.co/l5u4q6w 	0
don&apos;t call yourself shady . that&apos;s my nickname bitch;dxp wat your the bitch as nigra that my name:) &amp; for not show in yourself was a bitch move:) you just hating:) 	1
your lying to yourself if you think changing ur appearance and getting tattoos will make people not recognize how ugly you are on the inside . enough said wow thats totally not what i was going for . i dont want tattoos to change my appearance to hide anything . this definately not my goal at all . and you think im ugly inside? thank you i appreciate your opinion . and your the only one who thinks that . 	1
do you own shirts with funny sayings on them? if so which is your favorite? not really 	0
do you like wild parties with lots of people?: some t 	0
i want my e-mail, @pottermore! stop bullying me ! 	1
what was the easiest time in you life? when i was a child without any worries :] everything was awesome and all things you did were cute . 	0
that was s my babe e / bully ! ( : 	0
@jessiejofficial yesterday on @alancarr chatty man your song inspired me i've been bullied my whole life ur an inspiration . 	1
how did you spend your 2 weeks time with out formspring? hahahaha crazy . 	0
okay the raping will begin . in 3..2..1 aha thanks rigel 	1
raw . still sad over the fact that seung ie likes noon a . waeyo// noon a only knows how to bully seung ie &gt;&lt; 	1
did u ever like taylor philips? maybe..why? 	0
@lbbxx @bborredd but 00 bully me ! so equals to you also bully me ! togetherness yknow!! 	1
so are you going to tell her why do you care? may be because you're her? just saying.. 	1
when did you last receive a text message? last night about 11 o'clock 	0
soo @callmehyours jus said she not mean && not a bully then she calls me an a$$ hole.. mean 	1
y u all bully run yuk , "handsome when his eyes covered.." 	1
what is one thing you will never do even if paid too? hooker.hahaha 	0
@donyafox i think you're beautiful , and who ever is bullying you , is just jealous of how your life is turning out great :) 	1
the self esteem act: it's time to confront the bully that is our beauty culture http://t.co/wrd4nkc 	0
have you ever stolen anything from a store or from someone? i have stolen things from stores when i was younger . it was like material things eg a bra a ring a necklace lol . not much though don't go handing me over to the authorities please :) pleas se :d 	1
liking the bb13 script if dani stays . liking shelly moore more . tired of bully jeff and chatty jazz alia . hope rachel gone thurs at de . 	1
why do you think people join gangs? i have no idea . nothing else to do in life.. 	0
@leyicet ut-oh! im a drama queen.not the mean spirited stuff , just like 2 act.i've been on the receiving end of girl bullying drama tho . 	1
na wh man i hate you . i have ores p: 	1
so whats up? nothin much:) 	0
@rosiebunny @mariabarrett yep , it's that pesky 'red tape' that actually keeps workers alive and protected from bullying bosses 	1
hi you smelly rotten poo . you smell like pigs vomit ! did you just go to the toilet? i wondered what that smell was you missed the toilet and it fell on your ugly clothes are you poor? you stink like hamster poo . i'd love to ram a metal pole up your ass . i'd love to see you get hit by a car :) 	1
what's your fav v watermark to go to? :] don't have one 	0
me and x century discussed this . if you just got out of a house with a killer and you turn around to see a kid still stuck in the house do you go back? hells yeah you go back ! 	0
are you a touchy feely person? not at all . i like my space that's for sure . and i hate clingy touchy blah h ha 	0
do you like tom cruise movies? like his movies . dont like him . 	0
tell me something about.. snow :] its super cold . you can do my favorite thing in it snowbound ! :) and i know how to make homemade ice cream with snow vanilla and sugar . its awesome :) aha 	0
what kind of phone do you want? i have a chocolate . r a blackberry would be nice to carry i suppose but its a waste of money . all phones do the same for what i need . testing g :] ha 	0
do you/have you ever watched desperate housewives? nope 	0
pravda or jansport? transport :) 	0
@luxoryclassy lol i'm not a bully man . 	1
how many times do u take a bath in a day? once . unless im super active . 	0
favorite song? i already answered that 	0
why u so perfect!? ;) hahaha!! im the farthest from 	0
pak foreign policy has been that of bully . ironical to see it cry when other countries give it dose of policy which it liberally applies . 	0
cousin , a straight a student , bullied into suicide and my eyes start tearing up knowing i'll never see him again . 	1
@jayythepilot bully ! 	1
@iconiacattakno cause i'm a good person and trying 2 get u guys 2 stop bullying ppl online it cruel . 	1
if i looked on the bed next to you what would i find? my boyfriend 	0
always control your emotion when someone is bullying you.. and the secret there to control it , is to don't care the person , and walk away ! 	0
when did you last attend a party? i went to a wedding party this saturday ! :] it was fun . i danced a lot ah aha 	0
@teddysmile23 , bully ! 	1
@_ayeesaychaye lol . ok asia . i'm not being a bully . 	1
being bullied into admitting someone's cute , never thought that would happen :| 	1
ew fuck no she ugly as fu ucc kk . if she was ugly as ;fuck; then i wouldn't be talking to her you retard..i know a pretty girl when i see one 	1
faa ke . :d i am not fake 	1
do you cry often or keep it inside? keep it inside . always 	0
why are people being so hateful? ink . how are they being hatefull? 	0
@tasha_jessiejxx thing and then it was gonna kill me and i woke up.. sarah im not a pussy you just scared me shitless here you bully ! xx 	1
no . im not . but thanks for throwing that out there ;) huh you sound like a retard when you say shit like that cause you dont know what's gonna happen..we could be going out for one day or one year but it doesn't matter cause ill always feel the same about her . 	1
if you woke up in jail what would your crime be ?? due . 	0
are you listening to any music right now? if so what is it? yes . passmore :] 	0
are you one of those people that doesnu2019t like chocolate? yes as a matter of fact . why does that make me a ;one of those people;?? 	0
what part of louisiana was you born in? fort poll . a military base 	0
are you wearing the p<br> i'm not wearing 	0
i was bullied wheniwas13 but now i am the office bully!! 	1
what would you like to master? marital arts aha 	0
how do you pass time while traveling in the car for a long amount of time? sing to the radio 	0
soo ur bi ? yea i had sex in jail when i was 30 and i found out i liked it 	1
do you know april? she's my sister :] 	0
@ericahuurnandez makin n fun of me the other day for not having my license . that's called karma you bully!! &lt;3 :* 	1
i love your nose ring ! a who i love ur earrings ! 	0
rebecca black removed from school after being bullied by classmates http://n360.to/noc85c (via @news360app) is it friday yet 	1
if you could only listen to one song for the next month which would it be? up-justin bigger 	0
which celebrity do you think is the most overrated? hmm..paris hilton 	0
do you fall for internet advertisements?: show your face 	0
when someone says that something;just;happened what is the time period that comes to mind? within a week or two . depends on what they say happened . 	0
been bullied into watching a scary film , i love my friends ! 	1
all gang up bully @yttian &gt;&lt; 	0
what flavor of pool aid was your favorite? grape . still is :) 	0
do you think letting go means you love best? hmm ink if i completely understand the question.. 	0
are you a bisexy? yeah 	1
i can't find you on casebook i was lookin' for you &amp; a to sha good came out o__o hmm.. weird ill try and find you i suppose . 	0
@missadrijay look i never bully u 	1
and then prue &amp; phoebe from charmed came over but then the robots came back &amp; i had to run but some boy saved me lol random random yes . lol 	0
are u guns fo ing out yet!?? yes we are . 	0
do you de-label your beer bottles? nash 	0
@corymonteith i'm raising awareness for bullying please help me by re tweet ing . thank you so much http://t.co/fxznfya xx 	0
what is something that your mom does know about you? i have my nipples pierced . ha 	0
shut up ur pretty!..ll shut up your prettier ! <33 	0
what's your favourite comedy on the tv? i don't watch tv . 	0
if i was those babies id fuck angelica up . she a bully ! 	1
so @imbold bullied me into cleaning the bathtub [snootybooty 	1
what's your most used word? just kidding :] aha 	0
i was really surprised when you asked me ;musta;.. haha.. well must a is a shortcut term for ;kamusta; ..;kamusta; is kinda the formal term.. =) it's really fun studying different languages ayt? =) besides tagalog what other language/s you want to learn? yes it is lots of fun :) i wouldn't mind learning latin . its a dead language of course but apparently there are a lot of good things you can get out of latin and a bunch of things are based on it . 	0
do you excercise regularly? if so how often? no i should but i do yoga a bit so twice a week? 	0
you need or should delete that 911 tweet . not funny at all ! you know how many people died that day including my father and brother umm..im truly sorry ! b hut i dint mean it in anyway like u obviously got offended by!and i said it wasnt funny ! so before you get all angry nd shit ill delete that tweet ! k thanks btw rip ur daddy and brother 	0
do you wear flipu2013flops even when it's cold outside? sometimes . 	0
hello bum crack booby head ! uk my willy? no thanks :) 	1
are you afraid of snakes? nash they're kinda neat to watch . 	0
bryan uglyy!! dum hoe 5/19/10 aha yu guys make a ugly couple ! no hes not and its 5/9/10 for yu rr info and deaf . not 	1
if you were on fear factor would you rather eat cow intestines or 2 dozen hissing roaches? i love fear factor!! btw..and i would rather do the cow intestine . 	0
uhm you did right down there vv . you're the 'dumbfuck'. stop starting shit with everyone k cool bye . bitch your the one who is copying me 	1
david moquette reveals his daughter coco has been bullied http://t.co/rxqoexc 	1
say no to violent bully rhetoric . say no to cowboy politics . say no to @governorperry for president . un presidential 	0
what does sex smell like? my bro said like pussy lol yeah it defiantly has a smell . distinctly sex smell..haha 	0
can you name one person who has the same first and last initials as you? thomas gibson . he's an actor . 	0
do you cuss? sometimes i do . its usually when i stub my toe or are talking really passionately about something when im mad or ir rated . i think its really more a way to make yourself look unintelligent . most people that do often or like in every sentence just don't have anything better to say..haha just my opinion . 	0
wet the toothbrush or brush dry with the toothpaste? wet it first . always . 	0
damn , kurt cobain got bullied because people thought he was gay cause he hung with a gay kid . fucked up . 	1
@chloe__mathews u would think that , bully lol :d x 	1
@jillzarin wow..kelly is such a bully on the reunion..and b4 through the show ! strange how she keeps calling alex "weird" and she is!! 	1
sneakers or sandals? hmm..depends on if my toes are cute sie d up and the outfit ;] but usually sneakers 	0
aha actually im going to go on now :) bitch are you fucking stupid? >.> the real ashley has a proof video your dumb your probably just some old man behind a computer screen<3 go fuck yourself<3 nope 	1
@stephaniee94_x well one of her mates have been emailinc me on casebook asking if she got bullied at our school but i bet she told (cont… 	1
quit fishing for compliment and saying your ugly it&39;s so annoying well im not fishing for any your annoying go do something else than be rude to me . 	1
me haven pulling por skye :( 	0
do you like predictive text? yes i do aha 	0
lutherans vow to prevent bullying http://t.co/hxtkb2h via @glaad will @ussenbrown stand up too? http://t.co/xycnxfw 	0
your a s l u t i don't recall becoming you . but if you say soo 	1
you suck dick . you suck face . 	1
@emmaleezmolek lol yeah but i dont ever see u using it . u have to bully the shit out of kids until they dont show up the next day of school . 	0
lol ok now ur just straight up lying . faggot . y ahh cause you know my whole life right? get off my form spring and stop asking anonymously pussy due cess ! 	1
leave taxi alone i know for a fact she hasn&39;t done anything to you . pretty sure it&39;s pathetic you&39;re saying this shit anomalously because you don&39;t have the balls to say it to her face . who&39;s fake now? grow a pair and shut the hell up . we don&39;t care . <3 i love you jo 	1
hate and bullying has to stop ! @wcfcourier waterloo teen dies from beating injuries http://t.co/tb9uwcf noh8 	0
happy birthday to that bully , hoe , fake ass @jesterwester_ , i kind of love you sometimes :) 	1
did watch heroes? who was your favorite character? what was your favorite power? robin in batman . i thought robin was the best and thought he should be the star!! sarah and my favorite power was..? hmm..well i guess spiderman s powers . he is sick . aha 	0
what's the longest relationship you have had? the one im in now . one year and 3 months 	0
@its_gb_hoe do u know any body that would want a american bully? he's well trained . 	0
@trevaun_s this kids a boss . i'll bully u if i feel like it . as a boss i can do whatever i like but i won't bully @erica_ballott she cool :p 	1
nico o ! :) okay..well bye :) sahara what? :)) 	0
@luvselenamarie heyy=] i signed yeah she does not deserve any of it this just bull how ppl bully selena=[ 	1
i hate it when people get bullied , makes me so sad :'( 	0
your 44 years old? :o! dumas edi file . :d you feel better now ?? if you don't want to talk to me then just say so 	1
@amelia_loves_u wow kid , you need to'stop, bullying perry . that's just..wrong on so many levels.. 	1
your r such h a flu tt ya tu sabes(; 	1
what's the best movie you have ever seen? mr . deeds . hilarious :) 	0
documentary about bullying of gays showing at newbury park community forum aug 19th http://bit.ly/qodbso 	0
did anyone else just see that.. jesus is bullying me.. @_l_m_c_ 	1
@chronicvampz i actually got bullied myself as well and th i don't really wanna talk about it &gt;.&lt; 	1
@steviejbee i know :( and this is called cyber bullying 	1
just saw a video on couture about a little boy bullying a big ass boy . personally i think everybody story is bs . i wanna no what happened 	0
if i told you would u let me polly not . but only because ink you and i have a bf so he's the only one i like to touch or smell my feet ! sorry yo lol 	0
what are your day dreams about? everything 	0
don't run on a bully or ave . you gonna get tired 	0
@juicystar007 blair , i just watched ur 10th grade vid . i was bullied when i was little % now im gonna start my own beauty vids @freinchy2 	1
which do you think is stronger: love or happiness? happiness . always . 	0
here yup it's awesome but the pronunciation is incredibly hair d :d haha!! it is aha lol!! man i he nt even gotten 2 dat part yet ! ml hah 	0
do you go buy your first name or by your middle name? first . 	0
how should shayla&amp;i prank xen next? (shayla is telling x century to go back to sleep) im not good with pranks . so or :( 	0
do you have any concerns at this moment? nash . only that the oct an is dis pic ably turning to oil at the rate of people saying ohh who really cares and the welfare of the creatures living in it is in our hands..not too much of a concern thoough.. 	0
do you like riding the roller coaster? i love roller coasters!! :] 	0
ever seen a therapist? nope . but sometimes i sure wish i had someone i could pour all my thoughts out too.. 	0
have you had an std be honest? im sure half of y'all have . no 	0
do you listen to your mom?? sometimes :) i like her opinion . 	0
can you drive a manual shift vehicle? no . i suck . 	0
do you have your own vehicle? yes . silver gunfire . 200 	0
when was the last time you gave flowers? never;; 	0
i was that kid . that everyone hated /bullied and made fun of i never understood why but some how made it . don't give up ! 	1
is a glockenspiel player , a bottle with a message , a bunch of fish , an average father , a wave , a bully , a thirsty appl…http://t.co/cijm0sz 	1
@littlyminogly there's no need to be such a bully just cos you're jealous ! we love tina ! 	1
what was your favorite book as a child? hmm.. its a tie . i loved all the bailey school kids series and dr . guess books . but the bfg . all time favorite childhood book . 	0
what is your greatest regret? no regrets . truly and ive done some stupid things but i couldnt be where i am now without them :] 	0
victim response may be key to curb bullying , study says http://t.co/xp2hsme 	0
@blueicefiesta when bullying and going to school which you have to go to can be so horrendous 	0
what does shaving cream taste like? ink 	0
go to hell xd you go to hell ugly wannabe scene chick . 	1
@wobble_chops makes sense ! a bully would probably be a good option . they're pretty low-key from from what i understand . =) 	0
what's your favorite place to go in the town you live? i like parks :] 	0
whatu2019s your favorite kind of doughnut? oh gosh . bavarian creme . not whipped . creme ! and the kind with the chocolate icing on top . i love those things . 	0
rosie is a twat isn't she i dont agree.. 	1
@haileybaldwin were in the same boat as being bullied!. sucks huh? 	1
are you happy? happiness is too complicated to say yes or no . i like to think so . 	0
what's the last thing you said to your sibling? i love you..? aha 	0
@vdashbrown no bully 	0
only primary 2 only come here and bully people . act like a demure , obedient girl . grow up sure jia lat 	1
ever been in a gang? :o no 	0
@bellathorne143 bella i was bullied because everyone was mexican and i was white they hurt me and at one point i only had 1 friend ! :( 20 	1
basic c information - name ? age ? location ? grade ? ashley 13 florida 7th 	0
y0 d!(k !$z sm@ll nd no it z not yo moma an it say ish..but yew want it doe 	1
new jersey schools to have us toughest anti-bullying laws - 18 pages of requirements , and league tables : http://t.co/madeo9b ed chat ed law 	0
@arica_lamagna @d_alburecht no he int he usually gets bullied 	1
@missmorgan89x @carey22c @gemmaloux87x mao aww oh that's true rach e does.. bt i'm always bullying him so i fort i'd start be in nice :) ha 	1
@taschanne did bully just wish me happy birthday mad ! x 	1
whats the weirdest color you'd ever dye your hair? i have never dyed my hair 	0
my best friend is such a bully): 	1
n!qq@ d@+ p!( s3xy b!+!n y0 l!ip i fu(k!n huh yuh n3qr0 lol who diz? 	1
cj is gay no c jays s mah buddy wwf your gay!! 	1
remember cassie? lol no? who's cassie? 	0
@ddlovato weight and now i say with great pride i am very happy and not suffer more bullying 	1
what's your biggest phobia? umm..messy rooms; 	0
@linguagroover confronting a redneck bully - i'm still white - and while facing that is right - i was still safe - unfairness breeds this 	1
do you have any scars on your body? if so how'd you get them? sahara . strange!:s 	0
are you due some time this year for a doctor's visit? yes actually . my yearly female doc's visit . this tuesday.. aha 	0
well i am off for right now . as i said i am still deciding on deleting this account and quitting slamming . have a good day <3 dont delete your account ! 	0
a car is broken down on the side of the road; do you stop to help? yes . i have before :) i gave a dude a jump on my way to school sahara 	0
why is tyra(nasurus) banks such a dumb bitch? ink . i dint know she was? 	0
@bluetimemachine dont bully ah ma h or ! 	1
would you rather swim in a pool or the ocean? pool 	0
i feel like a mother . my baby is getting bullied and i'm not loving it . 	1
ur sexy hume uk my di kk . um no thnn x ill pass.;] 	1
@jhlsalejo i know right ! almost every disney channel actor has been bullied when they were younger 	1
did you ever have a embarrassing moment at school? not really 	0
what's your motto? what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger . 	0
what will you do f you found out that you are adopted? i would say . cool im adopted?!! aha and then say well that was a shocker . and go on with life . cause its not by blood who is your parents . its who took care of you all your life and cares for you and loves you ! :) 	0
name one household chore you would never want to do again i don't mind household chores actually . but i guess i'd say dusting . i don't enjoy that :/ ha 	0
well @judijaikrazi and @bgc7shellyray fight is about to happen and two things made it happen 1 drunk judi and 2 shelly bullying 	1
girls just wanna be you taxi since they&39;re using your pictures . you&39;re obviously hot (; she&39;s real dumb fucks . aha ah aha im starting to take it as a compliment mao hahahah . :dd 	1
i remember being bullied and i wont let it get me down first because ma be big one day and they will watch while i do 	1
@samgarvaux mostly i agree with @shoq. having strong opinions does not make one a bully . just passionate . 	0
your not fat alexis!! she&39;s the fat ass low life bitch!! aha thanks (: who are you u ? 	1
bullying: http://t.co/geyjx9o 	0
how many people can you tell everything to? two . 	0
uhm i think i love me some freaking join th ass right <3 :d ahhh add ii love e mee a lot t off my y lil floricell(: <33 	0
so hows life in your neck of the woods? its life i suppose . 	0
do you guys like robot chicken? i do;) asked ink 	0
ever tried dancing in the rain? yes . slow danced with my boyfriend :) 	0
sf schools expand bullying prevention program - k dlt news http://t.co/9a1q9qt 	0
do the makers of friendlier uses facebook? =) i have no idea? sahara 	0
@jaime0211 this isn't a vacation shelly ! like can she please play the game? jeff was a total bully to alia . 	1
if an energetic midget sloth decided to steal your pod and pee on it while you were sleeping what would you do when you woke up? i'd keep it as a pet and name is r . kelley . 	1
it's funny to see my 22yr old brother get bullied by a 4 yr old 	1
when was your last plane ride? i have never ride on a plane . i know i need to ! 	0
ff follow @clairre_ if you want to be insulted , bullied , offended and extremely annoyed twenty-four seven . i kid , i kid she's ga-reat. :) 	1
i want __ to be my sister . april 	0
@stevie_reed your just bullying me , you love me so.. 	1
have u seen justin bigger in person? (: nope:[ i wish b hut hey i might someday rite haha..hbu?! 	0
@allstars_mandoo i'm neither teasing or pulling you opp a ^^ princess fiona wouldn't do that ! :d (aka me ^^) lets go then ^^~ 	1
we now live in a third world economy . s&p bitch-slaps o bozo for trying to bully them; downgrades us credit rating ! 	1
today was way better but got bullied by my lockers but no big deal.. 	1
if you found a suitcase full of $1 00 00 what would you do? depends on if i were in the country and who i was with.. but i'd say figure if it had anyone it belonged to and if not spend it ! ;) 	0
umm were s ma sat the at i think i left it in ur room last night mom z need it back here <3 mao wtf!! u work mao *hands it bak* you said u brought that sahara 	1
rebecca black quits middle school after bullying 	1
what have you come to like though you use to hate it? sharing my most intimate thoughts with another being my boyfriend . i used to hate telling anyone anything . but i dont now . 	0
room f bullied me today .. 	1
bully breakdown how bout that 	0
answer your questions biatchh!! :l alright t alright t ! aha a 	1
jeff-you got done in by same shit that got ya last time.hiding in the hoh-acting like an arrogant bully & generally being clueless . bb13 	1
go 2 hell after r you u ! 	1
how often do you get sick? not too often once a year perhaps but it hits hard when i do get sick . 	0
im such a bully when it comes to boys loll shrug i can't help it 	1
theres going to be bully and ignorant people out there thats go i to spread lies about u or bully u,well dont let it get u down 	0
i remember i use to bully some lame ass back in 5th grade named uh.. floyd.. mayweather.. yeah this his name ! he was so small ! 	1
do you think it's better to find love or let it find you? let it find you . it will :] 	0
everyone look this girl was using missy locke s pictures and i told her she was fake then she was like im not fake then she took betty pictures . she dumb ! http://ww.formspring.me/lmt23 k 	1
where did u come up with the name moo for him? yeh a spatz of a moment lol 	1
nj schools prepare to implement bullying law download free book 	0
you have a dirty mouth . ;) yes i do than xx 	1
mtv vmas: kevin hart jokes he was bullied to host sans pay [video] http://t.co/p6gmxnt 	0
sarah stanford takes it up the butthole . you ur mean stop hating :) 	1
yeah ! alright let me find someone who wants to fight 	1
why did you make a fs account? because space is dead and fb is overrated . :) plus to expand my brain powers 	0
who's better? superman or spiderman? spiderman . 	0
do you put anything on your spaghetti bolognaise? i dk what spaghetti bolognaise is? aha enlighten me?? 	0
i have all my questions do you guys have them?? huh? 	0
on a 1 to 10 how mad would you be at me if i were to rape you? depends on who you are . 	1
check this video out -- pretty boy floyd bully pitbull http://t.co/wjd5lg5 via @youtube 	0
only real jamaicans eat "bully beef" outside fi avoid di going i fly dem from entering dem house 	0
anyone know where to get legal advice on private university accommodation landlords? i'm sick of being bullied by a lying moron anger 	1
e be oh gather round me bully boys and i'll zing you a long of the windless wave less sunless ze.. http://t.co/qpbzkdb 	0
where you do want to grow old? somewhere in my own land living off of what i can do and grow and live . be self sustainable and not apart of society . 	0
shut up mexican yes master 	1
i like bullying my sister's friend.. :)) 	1
do you want another hint? yes :) 	0
if you found out someone was somehow pregnant by you(for men) or you were somehow pregnant(for women) how would you react? that sucks . sahara uk 	0
omg ee i get super shy when i get a brazilian wax.. do you girls get shy too if you get one or your like w.e? guys: do you like your girls waxed down there or it dont matter? nope . i dont do that . lol too expensive . i have other thing i could put that money toward . 	0
what were you doing when you found out michael jackson was dead? i was on my way to work . driving . 	0
did you wink at all today? to who? nope . but i wink at timmy sometimes :] 	0
who's the sexiest woman alive? i do not judge girls im not bi or a lezzboo!! k thanks' 	0
@perezhilton as an anti-bullying advocate i'm surprised you support pumped up kicks . are shootings really the way to get back at bullies? 	0
@official_reaper sorry y :( i did offer :p ah i'm sure you're bullying someone ! :p x 	1
@vivjones10 aha ! they're actually pictures from an anti-bullying campaign , bless em 	0
yo ll need a stop call in this sex ii ahh girl a hoe ! (nohomo]. my name iz hayley u wanna b friends? thnn and im ok ;] 	1
what did you dream about last night? shh..dnt tell any1 k? aha ! nothing ! wah ! 	0
when i was little i was the bully that every little girl complains about . aha a :) 	1
(:r cools i like that pik k loss thanks . it was in panama with 7 other chicks . fund times . 	0
if you had to perform at the circus what trick would you do? idk.. 	0
looks like the police r up to there usual bullying again 	1
what does it take for you to argue with someone? them disagreeing with me 	0
i'm going to cut your steak.. unevenly ! bullying 	0
favorite board game? i really liked aggravation :) 	0
has it ever been hard for you to say ;i love you;? no 	0
what was the weirdest thing you have seen? umm a homeless guys with blackberry aha 	0
i want you dead . so.. how's the weather? c: 	1
have you ever had chicken pox? yes once 	0
08-30-11 support ab 9 stop the lgb bullying in schools http://t.co/nifl6l1 constant contact 	0
@kisskissto1d @tomlinson_love is a bully and has a gaa y laptop!:) 	1
the bully at school goes high tech – part 1: the section of state and local government law of the am.. http://t.co/dgwxokd law law 	0
what do you dislike the most? rude people 	0
have you ever lost something really important and spent hours looking for it? yes . and i never find it when im looking for it . only days later to find it in the most obvious spot ever . 	0
@underwalt @msshandrarae @kateplusmy8 mr . walt , stop being a bully . 	1
do you like your name? yes i suppose . 	0
hot tea or cold tea? both ! i love tea <3 	0
cleveland not bad aha 	0
@richdolarz keep coming at @ayeverb so he can get some views i hate a nigra dat try to get on dat bully shit to make they self look good 	0
all those people are lying you're not cute vv]: you're right i are sexy beast . 	1
yuh fucking s3xi as z lip bit in nigra thank 	1
what's your favorite flavor of jello? strawberry :] 	0
if you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so you never had to do it again what would it be? put my towels back on the fuck n rack ! lol im 2 lazy 2 do it b hut it looks trashy when i keep it on tha floor . 	0
what's your favorite food? actually its cabbage!;d 	0
@johnpaulfans thank you and just pictures of you may be holding a sign or video saying words do hurt or stop bullying stuff like that 	1
do you get distracted easily? very much so ! 	0
@paulawalnuts crazy how you could dish it out but when the bullying gets flipped on you it doesn't feel as good . you're better than that . 	1
in your opinion is being argumentative a positive trait or a flaw? positive :] 	0
when was the last time you went to the beach?r 2007 	0
fuck you you son mhm ! by who? aha don't be anonymous pussy . 	1
next period theres another note and this one says will you be my ;girlfriend;? luckily im not in high school anymore . no more next periods for me aha 	0
what was your fav show as a child? doug!! 	0
ew i would never be jealous of ur life . coke yup thats a drug to but u still seem to handle with it a lot . no one gives a flying fuck about ur life and leave andrew the fuck alone bc u only hate him for the fire cunt aha i don't do coke you idiot..and i dont give a fuck about that guy he's the one commenting on my form spring so shut up 	1
mtv vmas: kevin hart jokes he was bullied to host sans pay [video]: 22, 2011 /prnewswire… http://t.co/vtwh25x 	0
rebecca black pulled from school due to bullying http://ow.ly/639fz 	0
if you won a million dollars what would you do with it? great question ! tithe help people shop ! 	0
favorite girlu2019s name? mackenzie . 	0
wheniwas13 i was talked about , laughed at , bullied & once jumped . 	1
if you could have personally witnessed one event in history what would you want to have seen? i would have liked to have seen the solar eclipse that only happens every like 7 years..or whatever . it just happened this year . but i wish i would of gotten to see it in person . 	0
your come backs are fucking horrible you dumb bitch . wwf are you like fucking five? you're like . 'i know you are but what am i?' yeah . no . bitch get a fucking life . i have one unlike you hun 	1
@hewettnts don't tell you cause u bully me yesterday . 	1
you're really rude . what the heck is your problem? i dunno what's yours? 	1
you u need to answer your questions you gay ;) i a mm i a mm ! 	1
ha aha cute e . your r calling g mee ahh pussy when your bitch ass wont leave a name right? you wanna get down im telling you im down . one on one . lets s goo ( : fake bitch'<33 :) 	1
@trickystewart hey!(: we are beliebers!(: can you tell bigger to tweet us!(: my friend has been bullied and needs cheered up!xd 	1
“@micpye studio with it!! "return of da bully" dropping september 20th!! newz” 	0
i never had a bully though , sh tae 	0
what is the most needed feeling if life? love 	0
do you like broccoli? l o v e broccoli . cheese broccoli sahara 	0
do you know how to play poker? i wish i did . 	0
vv i&39;m sorry but i have a wife<3 tabitha isn&39;t a fake(: omf ! let&39;s make a song ! an name it ;tabitha int a fake so fuck off a non mouse you have no life haha; h sahara aha ah-ha sounds like a good song . mao i literally laughed at my computer for like 3 mini ets and my sister was like wwf 	1
i find it funny that rebecca black complains about bullying yet released that stupid song knowing people would do nothing make fun of her 	1
@aiyonaa_ aha , i'm glad i was w/ you tonight :). even though your a bully :/ 	1
what e thin i city are you? sorry you just looked so tan :) aha half korean . and yes i get super tank in the summer :] 	0
what is your favorite outfit yu own ? i would have to say currently..r my newest pair of brown skinny jeans and this po lester teal crazy print off the shoulder blouse :] i feel super pretty in it ! 	0
not much time left to school starts . take the time now and talk to your kids about bullying , what to do or not do . http://t.co/astc19d 	0
photoset: › “…he’s sensitive , people bully him , too , and he feels lonely and hasn’t got anybody to talk to,.. http://tumblr.com/xol3yllsne 	0
should i ask more serious questions? nash 	0
if you had one day to live what would you spend that day doing? dancing around singing seeing everything that i wanted and giving as much to everyone and spreading as much happiness around to anyone and all with as much as i could . i would give everything away and do sweet nothings for random people to make their day a little better . :) 	0
when was the last time you were disgusted by somebody elses behaviour and what did they do? hmm..yesterday. my boyfriend and he was being mean . like always.. :( 	0
@buster_espn the bosom are either trying to bully the yanks , or they're a little uptight . 	0
haters , you have to learn the difference between bullying and defending 	1
" never be bullied into silence . never allow yourself to be made a victim . accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself." 	0
are you picky about spelling and grammar? when it matters 	0
do you want me to rain on their parade? sure hate ignorant texans who believe that being from texas gives them the right to act like low level scum suckers . the need to live in the real world and pull their head out of that dark place they have it shoved . amen 	1
would you have sex with a fat guy?!?! no 	0
what are the last songs you played? hmm..im currently listening to knock knock on wood . sarah aha 	0
better anti-bullying ad slogans: hey , bullies . since it has to be you our us , we'll send flowers 	0
http://formspringme.zendesk.com/home complain about fs and the limitations they're making here you have to make a whole new separate account to do it . okay y 	0
there's never a wrong time to talk about bullying . the more we talk , the more we can work to put a stop to it . http://t.co/twumxr2 	0
cyber bullying is not the way!! 	0
if the whole world were listening what would you say? love one another . kindness is the key to happiness :] 	0
talking about pimples lol my friend once asked me can i pop your z it i was like wtf?? nasty!! has a friend ever asked you this before? no lol my sister . but that's different 	0
do you take work home with you? no 	0
bbc news: wow the reporter is being bullied now .. no 'bully van' to save him eis hh 	1
your a dirty bitch int ya? im neither dirty or a bitch thank you :) im actually rather innocent if i think about it . 	1
do you have any weird habits? i like to brush my teeth in the shower :) 	0
how u rapping over the internet? sahara cyber bully ma call silence hurts on yo ass 	0
tampa: jul 8: now booking: @scrapboyz anti-bully awareness tour f . @djunk_itsago http://conta.cc/jyuz5a: 404-532-9232 	0
bahahahaha..took you longer enough;p..gees girl hahah..no its totally okay:) i just wanted to play guess who i am hahaha..i fucking g love you too;) <3 hahahahhaahhaha:d i kerr im a slow american what more can i say lmfaoo!! sahara <33 aww ! sahara 	0
is it wrong i am getting my daughter to paint xen's nails while he is asleep? nash its cute 	0
@convictmyheart sahara ah hahahaha . :p:p:p who.call.you.bully.mehh :p 	1
what's your favorite music genre? em arose . they have their own genre aha 	0
since your an aussie do you rope wal babies in your free time well im not aussie i just live here and no i dont lol 	1
i'll give you a scenario: what if your friend dated someone who is in a relationship or had a relationship with someone who is in a relationship? what will you do? its not my business . if it were up to me they should do that . i believe its called being a homewrecker . but its not my business to poke around in . i would voice my opinion if asked but thats all :] 	0
stop bullying a family member had to drop out of school due to bullying . please help stop bullying . it is morally wrong , a crime against all 	1
how often do you wish you were a kid again? always 	0
thats all i can think of right now >.< gimme ideas &amp; i will ask more stuff :] <33 sure will 	0
whats your favorite holiday? i think thanksgiving . no gifts and stress . and to nss of food ! :] everyone just getting together to hang out and be with each other thanking for everything we've all got . :] i love it . 	0
have you ever seen the goonies? if yes then what character do you most relate with? yes . hmm the little asian dude that has all the gadgets and thinks he can fix everything with his smarts and thoughts :) aha 	0
i think it's gay how people get bullied for liking jb like get a damn life proud be liber 	1
do you have any jewellery on? a hemp bracelet my sister made me on my left wrist and my two favorite rings :]r earrings too..lets count 8 others :) 	0
yeah . im over this convoy on to th next t one e ! ahahaha . hello . hi my name is nico . its a pleasure to meet you :) 	0
favourite game? jump rope 	0
@mrdblackstock tell bruce campbell he needs a twitter acc . he really bullied 2day! 	1
@asstherz bullying me now 	1
is it weird i bullied my niece into putting never say never on so i had an excuse as to why i'm watching it :s secret be liber 	1
can you cross your eyes? yes but i dont like to . i have this crazy fear of thinking if i just do it one more time my eyes will be stuck like that and i should lf just been satisfied with knowing i did it the last time . sahara im a weirdo . but ya never know' ya know?!! 	0
@shineesooah aww d; we dun bully lol we jus joke around xd 	1
she is not obsessed with y or and ya i know like everything about her and she knows like everything about me we are like sisters but not really but we seem like it i can do what ever the fuck i want ha i will just block you . duces crazy ass bitch . 	1
bigger fact justin has been a victim of cyber bullying!! :( 	1
shh liar ^^ aha im not a liar(: 	0
;hey angel you due sexy; really?!?! thanks?! aha 	0
wiretapping eavesdropping drugs $$ laundering bullying @v_simmons is what @revrunwisdom does in his spare time tinyurl.com/6aq8ewu 	1
where would you be able to spend hours and be happy? in my head . 	0
@jessiejofficial whos laughing now is a great song the words describe me i always get bullied @ stool just like u was follow and tweet me? 1 	1
do you like nachos? love them> i love cheese . 	0
does anyone give a toss that ecsc has joined the bully boys of barca? 	0
have you ever used a swear word the wrong way and made it sound completely stupid? not really 	0
do you know anyone who has broken their thigh bone? did you know the thigh bone is stronger then concrete? no i don't know anyone and yes i did know that . 	0
so beef in he cub classroom the bully worked hard on "choreography" and the new leader wants to change it!! sh these kids are hilarious!! 	1
i have my shit straight she wears like the same t-shirts.. her little pink and white stripped shirt or the plaid blue and red or pink shirt or whatever and may be some random ones.. with jeans or shorts and vans . owned . ah-ha not really dumbfuck!! and even if she did i couldnt mind cause i dont care what other people think..all i care about is her . 	1
rebecca black was bullied too much and is now home schooled . at least she no longer has to decide which seat she can take . @jballard47 	1
@kcocomiracle why? she bully you eh :\ sms me tell me what happen :d 	1
have u er listened 2 a song repeatedly just b/c it reminded u of ur crush? noo 	0
mao why did me and char just bully andre in to buying us waters 	1
have you ever come home from a long day and just fallen asleep then heard a noise that make d you wake up really fast and you can't move..? that's happened to me quite a few times.. nope 	0
n!qq@ l3@v3 @l!x @l0n3 h3 m!n3 n!qq@hh wwf do il uk gay data mi home boi 	1
@ararecommodity_ lol i don't feel bullied , my head just gets real hot lol 	1
i swear to fucking god bitch . i hate you so much . you think you can add people and just talk shit on there pages? aha naa . you must got us fucked up . im going to hunt your ass down and beat the shit out of you u with my own to hands . kbitchh? lame ass joke you can't do shit 	1
are any of your parents addicts? of what? my dad was an alcoholic 	1
why r u such ho a hoe.? speak english ee fokin dum ass and im not tell me 1 reason y ma hoa and y r u such a pussy and have tew be a non omo us . 	1
name 3 cheese products you like . cottage cheese . colby cheese . string cheese . 	0
are you saying you would fight for lindsey because a lot of people would . your not the first ;challenge.; i'm not trying to be the challenge . i thought you were but seeing as you're not then there's no point in arguing . and yes i would fight for lindsey anytime anywhere . 	0
marc mar on "this has to be funny" review by justin pans a cola on culture bully :: http://t.co/twornfi 	0
http://ww.e-castig.com/index.php?r=c1o6s kk 	0
@misshareenn look leave da kid alone u bully sh 	1
do you have two form springs me? because i'm following a different account and it's still you? aha yeah i made my first one . and forgot the password to it!! aha so i had to make a new one . it sucked but at least it was far ely new to me . tea ach gee is the right one!! :) 	0
hey abrill(:!! iloveyhuu<3 muchoo!! hey marribbii!! mao ! i love y huh much oo moee!!;) are yuh go in tmrw?! 	0
do you randomly bust out singing when you hear a song playing somewhere? not too often unless im in the car 	0
after how many kids would you get your tubes tied// guys: a vasectomy? (random) i couldnt . 	0
u told austin that u were never alex&apos;s friend but then u tell alex the opposite whats going on here? and who are u lying to? wtf? i never lied.. i told austin that alex can be a bitch to sofia and that she gives me death stares s thats all.. 	1
what rights should the father have if his unmarried girlfriend wants an abortion? he should have a right to speak his opinion 	0
do you believe that everything happens for a reason? perhaps not a reason but a purpose yes . :] 	0
the greatest episode if bully breakdown is where @mayhemmiller fights the bully ! xd which i'm watching now :d 	0
@sohighskylow why i gotta be a bully & a player? lol . 	1
u know u care that betty is way better looking than u she is fully 	1
are you happy with your life right now? not currently 	0
@pete_zar that wasn't bullies that was a random attack :l and lol , you , bully me? don't even pretend you do :l 	1
@fuckwitmetylee it does suck.. i been getting bullied my whole life 	1
high achieving latinos who don't conform to stereotypes are vulnerable to the effect bullying has on grades . http://t.co/vqbp1cx 	0
can you do a cartwheel? yes i just did one the other day . aha 	0
causally locked in my toliet.. cos' i'm gettin' bullied by yats.! d ♡ http://t.co/bcds9ea 	0
@j2ocean all you do is bully me :( 	1
have you ever watched someone drive drunk? yeah on funniest home videos . funny stuff huh? 	0
