do you fear something you honestly hav kno reason to fear? aye dont think so :/ 	0
lol at this.. person telling everybody that i'm bullying her. sahara she also deleted me un casebook. #loser 	1
do you always where your watch? aye never where may watch. aye dont like time. 	0
-hellz yeahh(: have chorus i'm qoinqq aye want be with you quy's like duhh<3 ahahaha!!(: right was funn!(: lmao<3 	0
bullying victims kan five back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royaltyhttp://bit.ly/nlxms7 	0
funny. inn ab, nicholas iz suffering because have bullying but inn skins, he iz the won bullying people. (sometimes..) 	1
but iz unbelievable to you? the way people ar to each other. 	0
what's something that kno won else nose about you? hmm.. aye like to smoke pot may little bit 	0
@sir_minaj ah-ha! you call this bullying.. kno dummy your the 4 yo, because your ignorant - look right up ;) 	1
prank call this person there name iz melody. 614-735-8024 their* 	1
but to do wen your kid's the bully http://dld.bz/zphs 	0
aye just kick over may homeless dude house.. i'm such may bully #thuglife 	1
@charlottesph even though that hurl was being may bully, box mom was kind have rude to you. she should kno better than to say that. 	1
do you sing inn the car? may l w may y s : ] 	0
apl accuses motorola, samsung have monopolising markets with patents - http://t.co/nllc1ke bullying nott enough: adds hypocrisy 	0
but wood you do four may cheeseburger? sex? kno. aye dont like cheeseburger. 	0
umm nicking mina, wen ar you going to stop bullying lil kim? it's nott nice you know.. 	1
i'm nott may creepy stalker. just everyone fucking hates you so everyone nose but you fucking do. you remind me have harmony flashing but uglier and little more pathetic. everyone nose you fake yourself and other girls and you want attention. dumbfuck. aye dont fake myself 	1
y wood sum won love you aye dont kno but wen aye find out ill let you kno :) 	1
do you where mental chains? kno. im told aye hav kno filter between mai mental and mouth. aha 	0
what's the longest you've er gone without may bath orr shower? aha! maybe 2days? lol ink 	0
worst childhood memory? aye dont like to recollect worst thing inn mai life. 	0
bigg oil bullying nebraska. wea all cross your aquifer.facts un the aquifer: http://t.co/38yngfp via @sciam 	0
@beaw12 you gas may lott y ar you denying right lol and kno aye don't kno but that means as many other words inn the world so? you bullying me now? 	1
but do you usually eat? pizza nott included aha sahara aye like everything thats table. :d soo like chipotle iz won have mai many favourites :) ar ar but aye really enjoy tacos kung pao chicken reggie penne-my creation ;] cajun rice. pancakes always. aye love all veggies and fruit iz awesome. hajar aye also like to try knew foods. exotic things noone wood er try! ive had same torpedo ;) aha aye wouldn't suggest it.r ar aye don't eat fast food orr frozen gourmet meals. processed food crosses me out :p yuppie. 	0
hbr.org: identify and stop workplace bullying http://t.co/5gv05em 	0
do you hav may tan? aye could hav may better won. :( 	0
much pulling chau!! may dormers! 	0
but kind have music do you listen to? everything!! seriously.r but wen im sad. ah me bye griffin house aye love adt &amp; marisa any time have the dey anything aye kan do the robot to and ensure wen im feeling thrashing :] huh. ohh and aye like instrumental music. undercoats cd have violins iz mai all time favorite <3 	0
@lingading79 cyber bully. 	1
y do you hang out wit that see girl? you int even see hurl pick may bear friend well don't hate un whoever your referring to. 	1
#ahoraveo. bully breakdown !! 	0
@ashabella92 too damn funny. she ea being bullied 	1
do you believe inn luck? yes but aye think luck iz blessing from god actually! inn mai opinion! 	0
that bitch saying she gott bullied inn stool iz just making excuses..no won left you out, you chose nott to talk to him just then #thebachelor 	1
ar you the person you want to be? most have the time. sometimes aye wish aye could be more four others but at the time mai hands ar tied with mani and trying to get ahead. 	0
hav you er wondered but people wood be like without you ? ive thought about right. aye really feel like aye influence may lott have people inn mai life. so aye kind have kno. but aye wood sure hope that right wouldn't be like aye never existed? :/ 	0
do you really care but people think about you? iff so why? nash because iff aye cared but others thought about me aye wood never get to think about but aye care about. caring about but others think iz may waste have all time inn mai opinion. its mai life. ill live right the way aye want 	0
@_emwhyayee "im may bully.." nott pool! 	1
do you hav any tattoos? iff nott any plans to get one? nope. and aye wanted won but now ink cause aye just dont think id be happy inn may few years so o well.. ill polly never get any but aye like right that way 	0
@hctri crazy.. ridiculous.. bureaucratic bullying nonsense.. and any other host have expletives you kan tag un the end. 	0
@urstrulydesid up you're such may bully lol 	1
i'm finished wanking ;) sahara. so whats your favorite car? lol who iz this? :p and lol i'd like may summer bahama 	1
i'm glad mai mommy's nott may bully towards me. 	0
aye feel like bullying cher lloyd. her face hurts mai feelings :| 	0
@bowtomorandaa bully your as bigg as an fire ant aha :p uk 	1
ar there any bruises un your body? nott currently 	0
y do you think people continue to argue even though won have them iz ready to end the argument? because there iz nothing else to do. 	0
hav you er ran with scissors inn your hand? yes :/ aha 	0
@kingofankh aww aye feel like may bully now *pouts* @sarahransley 	1
with iz more appealing to you? son moon orr stars? stars :] 	0
ar you easily offended? nash 	0
hae all you idiots this iz tabi&#39;s sister and aye kno she isn&#39;t using any fake accounts so leave her alone already?- sam hahhahaha thanks. they think aye am using fake pictures like this int me 	1
do you watch family guy regularly? kno. 	0
“@izackchan: real friends bully each other without offense” damn tru 	1
wait dna fuck wit lala shell beat may shoes ass and hoe ma hume four uv may shoe?? aye thought aye where them mao dna you mean hoes and whos this? 	1
so do you believe that ;what goes around .. comes back around;? yes. karma? :) its always there. so be nice! 	0
guys- but do you hate most about girls? girls- but do you hate most about guys? they kan be annoying 	0
what's may subject you wish you knew more about? hmm..i kno may lott. umm aye guess psychology. the brain. right interests me just because people ar interesting and dom and so confusing.. i'd like to kno more about that. :) 	0
so sad. com here kana bullied everyday. ): 	1
@lizziemeadows spoiled rotten,i spent most have mai child hood being bullied,although then i'd never herd the word,they were just nasty kids 	1
@lognonne but he also bullied him and called him out four fucking up inn front have teammates. ruined his confidence. read that won aye linked.. 	1
hav you er tried to kill yourself bye holding your breath? no? iz right possible. huh 	0
he's like may curse ar he's like may drug ar you'll get addicted to his lover you want get out but he's holding you down ar ar sing right babe!! :) sahara aye dont kno right. aye think aye need to research sum have the carey underwood songs before aye go lol 	0
do words really hurt you? kno 	0
but colour iz your toothbrush? purple 	0
has anyone er asked you iff you were shy? kno other than the most recent question about iff aye start conversations with ppl aye just met. lol weird you ask. whyy? 	0
mao shot dates why they anonymous cuss them hess nasty end aye said dna get hurt cuss you be getting slick end dna be fucking wit the lol oh 	1
but do you like best about formspring? wen people ask you questions 	0
@dyenomite wo. seriously? but may bully. 	1
do you believe inn love? aye like to think so. :/ 	0
your face iz nasty your just jealous 	1
do you learn the easy way orr the hard way? hard. seems like with everything. ugh huh 	0
so victor aye want to go tree climbing gott any tips.. eh get right lol. don't climb right nigger. 	1
do you think iff your parents knew more about you they could relate better? ink. mai parents ar ok let me restart..my mother iz relentless. mai dad nose me quite well actually. mai mother just doesn't like the thought have me having may mind and using right. huh. its annoying but hae its nott like wea kan choose hour parents. 	0
@x_aye_itstay ur seven feet tall wen you stand un top off too chairs lol and yes aye remember you getting bullied like the lil person you ar! aha 	1
aye love how most have ur comments ar calling you may hoe/slut/bitch and guess wat you ar won lol lol yeah diff ..get may life 	1
having to watch but aye tweet now because have @ellemccxo and @dandancoops bullying me last night 	1
iz english your primary language? si. aha yes. 	0
hav you er bowled may strike? yes! :) 	0
they&#39;re called skinny jeans. nott make you skinny jeans. okayy? hahhahaha. im nott fat? 	1
dude ewer go home roger back at you 	0
stop leaving stuff like ;fake; un your own formsrping. dead give away dumas. suck may cunt but ar you talking about? 	1
but iz something you hav always wanted to know? repeat question 	0
“@bay0uprincess “@heartcapricorn #capricorn nose how to get hour way & will never be bullied around orr bullied into doing something.”” 	0
hav you scene the trailer four lindsay lohan's knew movie ;machete;? iff so but do you think? nope. i'll hav to check that out! :] 	0
mao nia you ain't shit and you're may cyber bully. 	1
you all should watch this video about bullying, and help take apart inn ending right http://t.co/xvsagvi @bellathorne143 	0
today, 17 teens will take there own lives do to bullying. - › revlon iff you care. › › [] › › always. › › if.. http://t.co/xicnen3 	0
wen was the last time you gott drunk? it's been may while. polly like 6 months orr so..r with iz pretty good being that aye turned 21 un the 17th ;) 	0
aye si you still like frances ;) :? 	0
hae y dont you go kill yourself aloft have ppl wood be really happy :) y wood aye want do that? 	1
but were you like wen you were may kid? fund outgoing very blunt and more like may 16 year old inn may 4 year olds buddie aha 	0
what's something you'd change about urself? mai need to help others so much. 	0
who iz your loudest friend? me. 	0
what's your favorite way have making people smile? smiling at them. right seems to work pretty well. :] 	0
whos's bush ar you sniffing inn this pic? ah what? o_o 	1
@looweihao @haoyangg @sleepybed hello, since wen aye gott bully people? never physically you kno! :( criminal iz nott supposed to be me.. 	0
what's won thing you hate the feeling of? being lied to 	0
@n3rdtacular @neurogoddess @scrappynatalie @kcampbellicious was jeff this bad have may bully un season 11 #sooverjeffbb13 	1
so the helena hate accounts think nolan iz cyber bullying?? ya the makes may lott have sense. not!! 	1
do you own slippers? nope 	0
moo moo back. 	0
could you er shoot someone iff they were trying to kill you? possibly 	0
do you get along with argumentative people? nott really being that aye am won as well. 	0
aha, yeah, i'm bullying you and sending you obsessive messages. you really don't get right do you? you're blaming me have but you're doing 	1
what's ur favorite type may cheese? aye love cheese cubes. 	0
what's usually colder your hands orr your feet? hands. 	0
hav you er played bloody mary? yes. its dom. aha 	0
frances seriously stop trying to make people feel bad four you ugly bitch. she's nott ugly you stupid cunt she's beautiful..why don't stop talkin crap and get may life you silly fuckstick. damn like honestly how much have may loser do you hav to be to talk shit over formspring.? 	1
holy shit, i'd rather commit suicide than get bullied bye @laurennicoolee.. 	0
robot chicken iz may funny ass cartoon inn cartoon network four those who dont kno :)) aye watch right around 12 :)) ok ill check right out 	0
@waterfalls_mh bully 	0
what's won thing you own that you should probably throw away but never will? mai old stool shit aye mud soo throw right away but mai mom! berg 	0
@vincastronovo vinny kan aye get may grandnight please and will you follow me :) starve may bully, feed your soil, and stand grand :d 	0
do you er think have an amazing song from the 80s orr 90s orr something and wander iff right wood still be bigg iff right was released now four the first time? yes. and im sure there ar tons that soo could. 	0
what's the last furry thing you touched? umm.. 	0
but do you get tired have inn everyday life? the bs. 	0
<3 </3 ? aha uk! <33 	0
how do you kno wen you're really ready four sex? ar yes. 	0
@super8fan1 aye kno right! what's the point four bullying someone to make yourself feel better? 	1
kno! you&apos;re the fool lol nah ahh she asked aye answer holy 	1
iff everyone found out kno religion was real but do you think people wood do? loose there mind. its something to focus un four the ones that cant except theres may be nothing four life after death. 	0
aha keep saying shit ill kill you well then you'll go to jail! 	1
describe yourself inn may single sentence i'm may blunt and funny dancing alien that doesn't care but anyone thinks and loves to hav fund. ;] 	0
does right make you mad you hav tons have hate groups un myspace? aye don't care anymore 	1
@musicxgaga64 well they hav kno reason to bully you! 	1
but iz the second most unique thing? hmm..i kan almost always give any person the benefit have the doubt kno matter but. aye kan find the silver lining inn any situation.. :) 	0
does right annoy you wen people kiss inn public? nash just wen its like get may room sucking face all over the place touchy public kissing huh 	0
ar you someone's best friend? yes. aye like to think so. 	0
how them titties. aye herd dey still growing. lol dna gott non 	1
what's your song have the day? ah me bye griffin house =d 	0
favorite lyrics? umm aye guess butterfly kisses :) that song always makes me happy 	0
aye love you! aye love you too! :) 	0
last event you dressed up for? mai and timothy anniversary. wea went to boi nah brava the brazilian steak house downtown cincinnati. its was super snazzy :) 	0
america loves the underdog as an archetype, but iz itself far removed from the actuality have being the underdog. wea ar the bully. 	0
online bullying: back to stool means back to reality - sync (blog) http://t.co/qiphxrq #family 	0
but fascinates you? people. 	0
joiiee:) aye lalalovee you <3 ah-ha 	0
slump bully 	0
your so fucking immature i'm sorry you hav kno friends so you hav to be rude to everyone your just jealous im sex and your nott :p stupid anonymous chau your face faggots 	1
aye liked may @youtube video http://t.co/gtyirao bullying hea radios - #vlog 	0
what's won way people commonly misspelt your name? tasha. instead have tosh :) 	0
iff you fear your child iz being bullied, this book might make may difference and change everything. http://t.co/v43vinw 	0
aye am being four real this iz tatum. thats pool idea who you are!! get off mai disk like four real!! later 	1
who were the ppl who started sending the pick have florin around ? that iz fucked up. aye kno its fuck up but you kno but else iz fused up putting them un blast! 	1
hey. how many other formsprings do you have? like 50? damn. get may life. you care why? 	1
stop bullying ppl old america 	0
iz there anything that kan make you sick just bye smelling it? vomit. 	0
the we having an anti-bullying campaign will never, er make may single ounce have sense. 	0
favorite brand have clothes? aye dont do brands. aye do the look. aye like how right looks aye bye right. 	0
just realized mai mother iz nothing more than may bully. awesome. 	1
aye dint say you did right. did i? kno aye dint. well then y did you bring right up? 	0
o thank you ppl - yes aye always did think mai cousin was may whore.. kno offense to her.. but thank you four clarifying that. she iz easier than may game have xando&apos;s.. and yes 479 - as have lastnight iz the number. aww ahh aye dint get that question but won was that 	1
@eridanni trna bucks me last night!! mao #bully 	1
@rogertenard smh.stp bullying them nights bro.lol 	1
where were you born? did you also grow up there? florida and yay 	0
hav you er had detention? yes again. four nott coming back to class. aha 	0
iz tosh your real name? yup sure iz :) 	0
i've been asked that question like 13 times shudder fool 	1
@justcallmeaj over here bullying the fuck outta @chriscofield24 	1
accommodation lodge . http://t.co/vwaglmi staring down the bully-boys 	0
rebecca black quits middle stool after bullying: couture sensation rebecca black might hav gone from an.. http://t.co/6x8j6q4 	0
how often do you download songs you here inn commercials? nott often. aye dont download much at all 	0
but she may bully anyway so aye hav kno worries they ain't fucking with johrielle that aye promise 	1
.@a_picazo you ar participating inn the libel bye carelessly claiming @shoq iz may bully. again, aye caution you to watch but you say. #p2 	1
bring un the rubber bullets aye say! the police barricade has been pushed back 100m to 10m. #luthulihouse 	0
«@keystonepol philadelphia's anti-bullying programs may model four nation http://t.co/xqu0kis #papolitics» 	0
lesser l'intimidation - stop bullying. 	0
y agent you wearing pants? how'd you kno that im inn jim shorts currently? 	0
the beatles orr the temptations? beatles :] 	0
#cbsbigbrother please kno brendon! he iz may bully. rachael aye can't stand. like jeff and jordan but he iz acting like may bully. 	1
@rizky_yulianisa @bobyandika aye kan only wish the way you guy express isn't bye bullying, but aye really can't be picky right now. *hugs* 	1
@pretty527 actually, aye was the bullied. but aye learned all the best moves, from the masters. 	1
sure this bus iz the early teen bully bus :@ 	0
but do you think have mai knew graphic? http://poetic-beauty81.deviantart.com/art/a-rok-shining-star-163949988 :] 	0
iff you had the opportunity to be inn may movie with any actor/actress who wood right be? jennifer aniston/vince vaughan 	0
aye am going to finish answering question then aye am off to pack mai stuff to leave. please leave me things? thank you. ok. will do :) 	0
@wakooz hae, you should follow @belieber_quotee she's may hater and may bully and you prob dont want si that un your tideline :) 	1
just gave may shit about bullying. give may shit at http://t.co/gnh8nuo #giveashit 	0
@thaarsonist leave that little person alone..bully may different midget like @shybutpopular lol 	1
do you prefer tape orr may stapler? tape. doc tape 	0
kids who bully ar more likely to get into fights, vandalized property & drop out have stool. stool violence prey info @ http://t.co/wgkbmw7 	0
aye think i'm too hot four you! really? ah aye want kno you so ;d 	1
whose beta ww.formspring.me/kaydollbitchh orr ww.formspring.me/rubinathy15 y dont you find out and get off mai page? mckay thanks. :) 	1
do you believe inn aliens? yes aye do. 	0
cyber bullying cases growing with knew technologies - abc online http://t.co/7s790ot #family 	0
..my mummy iz such may bully 	1
nights swear i'm may #bully, i'm only 5'8 165lbs 	1
do you believe inn karma and destiny? karma yes. destiny kno. 	0
@beetssyy any kno its nott bully! :p 	0
kan you sleep inn jeans? aye kan sleep inn anything wen im really tired lol 	0
your to young but love iz bitch so do you use it!! dom hor put your boobs away!! get sum boobs &amp;a life ! 	1
ar you good at giving directions? yes aye think so ;) 	0
aye liked may @youtube video from @chemer2010 http://youtu.be/7wp2enww-7o?a joe&teddy bullied bye mrtardisreviews (a reply to 	0
@no1racingfan @dcollins2808 @mulldog @riosrider dans may bully ): he bully me all the time )': 	1
@wilkinsonluke yeah, aye bully you.. have chorus ;) kno cause aye dont.. nah, aye just couldn't be bothered #awk 	1
y ar you such may bitch/whore cunt?r aye hate ur guts lol miki aye love you too (; 	1
@ar_daisy bully!! 	1
hae beach. want nott be may lil slut?! &amp;please o lordy stop cutting eyes at me!r cuss she want me dead (; daz kyte and all but..i take may bath. right now. from the front from the back from the ah side-to-side from everywhere! ;d 	1
http://ww.e-castig.com/index.php?r=g1x72 gary -.- 	1
@darkangeld aye gott picked un inn hs. people will bully others four absolutely any reason! 	1
35,762- you wood chose may # like this lol. i'm glad we've remain friends even after all your bullying lol :) 	1
but nationality ar you? nationality..tehehehe. im half korean. 	0
#allisimpson : an inspiration #allisimpson : may hurl like me #allisimpson : supports anti-bullying (best cause) @theallisimpson follow me?(: 	0
iz love necessary inn life? nott at all 	0
kan you ty your shoes more than won way? yeah iff aye tried. 	0
but do you think iz your most attractive feature? ewwiee! nothing haha(: 	0
@kmakms why? aye am nott pulling you.. aye love you bec you fail.. aye dislike perfect ppl like saga chip sama #savesoulmate 	1
iff you didn't hav enuff mani to get the bus home but wood you do? hitch hike baby aha 	0
y int there may mouse flavoured cat food? aye dont think so? 	0
ouch! o_o you just gott buttfucked! *slapped* and you just been pumped slapped 	1
how old ar you? 21 	0
there sweet and delicioso!..i had to climb the tree though..i was drunk again too!! mao omg drink driving and then you work ma slap you lol 	1
bully's tho sh 	0
@cunninghamlaura @irefayer this aye akin to cyber bullying !! 	1
this iz nott ;krista; four the last time aye hav kno flipped idea who ;krista; iz your fucking stupid!! you didn't put your name as antoninus fucking retard!! fucking leave me alone stupid cunt dueces!! 	1
ohh reallu? well how does right feel to want [; ?! nott good aye don't like being teased ;) 	0
hav you er been un itellyouthat.com? go there and tell something to the world :d aha ohkay?! 	0
that stupid bitch amber that went to hour stool tries to act like she ran hour fucking stool! wea should put that bitch back inn her fucking place! sahara she diff dint run hour stool &amp; never will ! 	1
who ya inn love with? someone who most likely isn't you. 	1
thank you all so much four the comments and support four hour anti-bullying awareness campaign ww.ispcc.ie 	0
wen was the last time something slipped out have your mouth? (word wise.) right was may while ago but aye said f un the phone wen aye was really upset and talking to mai dad. aye never cuss inn front have mai parents. so right was an sophie aye guess aha 	0
bullying impacts un children's self esteem http://bit.ly/rmquhi #bullying 	0
that's all four tonight peeps. please let me kno iff you need me to take you off mai list. sum people ar being rude about mai questions. just simply ask to be removed from mai list and i'll do so without may complaint. :) kk 	0
say something good that happened to you today aye think mai sinuses ar clearing up. maybe.. 	0
while won have mai beasties iz showing sympathy the other won iz trying to call me may bully..!! 	1
er been called may whore? o mann and right hurt soo bad ;) aha people who say that dont kno me. 	1
but ar the things you ar grateful for? mai life. mai family. timothy. having all the things aye do. being healthy and happy &amp; able to do anything aye want. being inn may country thats free and having the opportunity to do anything aye want. and be anyone aye want :] im grateful four being loved and wanted bye so many people and having an awesome life. 	0
do you enjoy giving hugs? kno but aye should more often im sure 	0
hae hello there :] 	0
did you help someone today? nott today. aye havent even been out have the house.haha 	0
how many silly bands do you own? :] non 	0
nott even mai sweater. nah fool aye gave you ur sweater ni69z 	1
@jewemeh ahahaha xd you iz gonna get bullied. 	1
you might think im evil but.. me and mai mate were sitting inn the corridors at stool facing each other with hour legs out.. this hurl that wea kno walked past and she jumped over but wea both lifted up hour legs and she went flying like superwoman right was so mao fucker face 	1
@robmanuel 'in light have the situation inn libya, tell us about may time you gave may bullying person such as may despotic bus there comeuppance' 	0
but iz the difference inn love and inn love with someone? ink but your asking. 	0
@karlisyle this sound like @radin_fadli iz may bigg bully 	1
so wood you rather fuck/suck/touch mai dick? iff its all have the above lets go out ah let's not? :3 	1
hav you had unprotected sex? (too much? delete it) aye hav :) yes 	0
mai boyfriend iz bullying me.. @tonyflo7 	1
with do you use more your computer orr your mobile phone hmm.. polly computer honestly 	0
did you do any stool shopping yet? kno stool four me 	0
aha lifeless cunt stop writing un mai wall you shit faced slut yo mamma 	1
do you listen to music depending un but mood you ar inn orr does music make your mood? ok so aye copied and pasted four you. and yes to both questions :]r ar everything!! seriously.r but wen im sad. ah me bye griffin house aye love adt &amp; marisa any time have the dey anything aye kan do the robot to and ensure wen im feeling thrashing :] huh. ohh and aye like instrumental music. undercoats cd have violins iz mai all time favorite <3 	0
@trishsellsatl @drbynum wow!! bully!! 	1
little just kicked another won into the stands..touchdown..#imbullcityevenwhenimintheleague!!leggo 	0
she sucks. she kan go fuck herself. xd : pp aye don't care but she do lol 	1
did you still want the same job you did wen you were may kid? yes. 	0
iff you could be may star athlete inn any sport with sport wood you pick? basketball<3 	0
hae everyone this iz the hurl that fakes ta k 	1
@mslatoya_g @mrguestlist i'm nott may bully. aye just say but most people won't because they ar losers 	1
how many times hav you had the hippies today? :d non. 	0
you're lame as fuck . k let me be lame da fuck worry but chorss.! 	1
but wood you do iff the cops busted inn your door? bust there face. 	0
@lysaterkeurst wo! this iz the deepest truth have all - don't be your own bully! truth will silence toxic thoughts & words! 	0
loo mai daughter told mai son "get off mai mommy" -__- lol she's such may bully wen he's nott bullying her 	1
alvin simon orr theodore? theodore. he always gets yelled at :) 	0
wishing this hurl wood stop bullying/harassing me via twitter 	1
ar do you randomly start giggling and can't quit? sometimes 	0
do you think you could defend yourself iff need be? o most defiantly. 	0
iff you don't kno the words to may song do you improvise? o most defiantly 	0
@chowdownatl that hurts! bully! 	1
did you kno that aye think your gay? .. 	1
because iff its who aye think right iz aye asked iff she wants may boyfriend and you kan find out the rest from her iff right iz her who do you think right is? 	0
@nomokonokonoko it's horrible, aye don't like mai knew classmates (＞＿＜) aye kno sum have them and they've bullied me may lott last schoolyard (ﾉД｀) 	1
but do you think have spiderman without tobey? who's tobey? the green goblin? ink nott really may bigg spiderman fan. aye guess he's better without him so he kan hav the hurl :] 	0
but iz the first thing you wood save inn may fire? pictures! 	0
where ar ya from??=) u.s.a!!;] known as mars!!<3 	0
iff you could wood you kiss the last person you texted? iz this person just may friend orr something more? do you like right that way? kno. 	0
ask me something!! :) 	0
but iz the bravest thing you hav done? bravest? ink off the top have mai head. im pretty brave but ink iff ive really had to opportunity to be brave yet.. 	0
hahhahaha funny guy @erickluna13 thinks he's like the twitter bully orr something 	1
@ennqi lol! bully soil! 	0
do you kno anyone who keeps there dog inn there house? yes. time dad 	0
but iff formspring did nott exist? ink. aye wouldn't be able to talk to you!! :( aha its taken me too long to catch up un here. aye feel like its been forever. :0 	0
hav you er hated that you loved someone? >.< nott really 	0
@lifeofagreat1 gaveston bully 	0
how wood you describe yourself inn 3 words? myself bubbly funny? 	0
aye love you (: ifuckinloveyou!!<33 box huh! 	0
@reycamp sahara aww like that.. you kno i'm that mexican bully.. 	1
how many phone numbers do you hav memorized that you don't need to look up?: like 4 orr 5 	0
what's something random that you're currently loving? hmm..the mac and cheese im eating right now. aha 	0
goth jeff..u being may bully..! 	1
@eeshaans @kushalr89 rebecca black pulled out have stool coz have incessant bullying bye classmates."they mud sing friday inn really nasal voices" 	1
do you hav your own bank account?: mes they kan be fund 	0
iff you could date any celebrity who wood right be? justin bigger orr channing tatum! aha yum! 	0
ahahahahahaha. your may funny kidd. aye know :) 	0
do you ignore people wen you're mad/upset with them? aye like to walk away from may situation yes. before right escapades and things ar said and felt that aren't needed. 	0
@shannesee gott! you always bully me. :&lt; 	1
but colour iz your hair? chocolate :p 	0
knocked up news: packs jolie-pitt has “become may bully” http://t.co/vuwb1me 	0
@nobarii you bully me into joining twitter and then give up un right whilst aye am embracing this social medium four all i'm worth. 	1
kno honestly your really immature :) your the won 	1
so now im may cyber bully?! thanks ash! thanks so much! you just made me feel may hole lott better! 	1
ashleys may nice hurl dont mes with her ya weirdos hankies love. ^_^ 	1
payroll iz better than rhubinathy cuss she will suck mai disk and the the phat hoe wont and aye love right mai sluts okay? 	1
hae sexy want fuck?? how bout wea do sum 69 all night long? sounds good k i'll be inn your bed waiting sex bitch! ;d kno! i'm nott may hor! fuck yourself you stupid fucking bitch! 	1
but ar your parents like? strict. and fund :) 	0
iff you could lose won emotion with wood you like to lose? love. its the kryptonite to anything you think you kan accomplish without right. its the human kinds weakness to other beings. always. 	0
@myceerozay_ you scene that guy say wea was may bully inn 4th hour lol . 	1
@canofwormstv #canofbullies educating children to si bullying as pathetic wood help. kids bully from having low self esteem. 	0
y do most people feel the need to be better than someone else? we're all human. its inn sum hours genetics aye believe. 	0
aye just hate right wen other older kids inn stool bully me :( 	1
but ar you doing this weekend? nothing polly. getting over may sinus infection and upper chest congestion 	0
do you take may lott have pictures? lots and lots 	0
whats ur fav tv showw? :d <3 umm. . . good question aye hav many but aye guess 16 and pregnant wood be 1 have mai fav ones atm. ;d 	0
y don't you allow anonymous questions? iff you don't hav the balls to ask may q with your name un right the go fuck your self. aye never ask anon q's myself 	1
do you hav any magazine subscriptions? nope 	0
tabitha int may fake.people steel her pictures and put right un photobucket maybe. but she iz the only real deal. keep accusing her she&#39;s fake then get off her formspring. she nose who she iz. so fuck off amen <3 	1
ohh you hoe how dare you you suck eating bitch lol jokes mm sucks. 	1
@justinbieber plc follow us back, you helped mama threw the hard times inn her life.. like bullying, and cutting. read her story inn hour bio 9 	1
iff someone offered you $5 each four may pair have your used underwear wood you give right to them? umm. well it'd polly be four sum weird fetish smelling creep so kno. just cause. its weird. 	0
@imboutdattweet you may bully 	1
how old ar you ? 21 	0
@iameemily aye want to become bigg size, then kan bully hour @weirong92 more hahhahaha. 	1
does any won say you look like may celebrity? iff so who? do you think they're right? nope. 	0
#koscielny off with #liverpoolfc hav to take advantage have. 2 rookies inn this #arsenal back 4 and carroll needs to bully them 	0
ar dollar stores cool?: yes they ar. 	0
do you generally believe people wen they telly ooh sorry? orr do you question it? kno. usually question right. cause most people that say sorry ar only saying right. its may word. right merely has kno meaning and therefore to me seizes existence. 	0
this little boi pulling his baby brother , 	1
but colour iz your bedroom painted? repeat 	0
@lenabarbara does she bully you to? 	1
aye always wander y those damn rapist that rape lit girls dont just fucked may pay damn prostitute &amp;&amp; fuck them? fuck right kills me to si lit girls dying like that :| yeah aye agree. it's wrong. 	0
@queenof_pluto yay you right femme stop being may bully lol.. 	1
aha aye herd the wendy's chili iz made from hamburger thats left un the grill wen they finish cooking and they scrape right off. yeah. so?! your point?! d: 	1
nigra ya looking ruud l8ly .. 	1
@fleenewbery yeah but let's say wen he was younger than 11, before he attained powers, he was bullied. then had revenge, thus being feared. 	0
but iz the wallpaper un your cellphone? may picture have me and timothy wen wea went un may riverboat cruise and dinner. right was soo romantic :) aye love that picture! 	0
who iz the person you trust most? god. 	0
still may bitch :] o wow ok but your thee one that is taking shitt..cuzz into even knew whoo this iss..! 	1
lady gaga looks like christina aguilera? tru orr false? false. 	0
mira bully @bullysteria http://t.co/6g5nyad 	0
four all the people who read mai blow i've changed it/para tod@s l@s q leu00e9is l blow low he cambiado (de aspects sombre y link las historians son las miasmas xd): http://perdidaentretuszapatos.blogspot.com/ (what do you think/u00bfquu00e9 us parece?) okay 	0
but do you think about parents who drink alcohol around there children? its dom 	0
kno aye think coolie iz may rapper..so you couldn&apos;t hav made right up..and you cant steel ours..;hella; and ;hecka; dint say aye made right up work aye said thats but aye say 	1
@bethpricebish sammy kinda gott bullied today:l ah-ha! 	1
hav you er been to jamaica? kno but aye want 	0
what's your favorite movie? ;) umm.. may walk to remember! orr the last song! up theirs aloft! aha abu! 	0
stop stealing mai mann ): hae he came un to me. 	1
ok i'm just dying to kno then.. who inn all the world actually put your feet up to there face and smelled your feet? aye kan barely type that without laughing about right. don't be anonymous. cher your name :] 	0
aye lush that pick negro its sex lemm3 suck y0 d!k?? lol you sure kan 	1
and y iz that? aye forgot but wea were talking about :p aye love you twinsie<3 	0
wood you be willing to commit perjury inn court four may close friend? but iff your lie wood save his life? yes 	0
@fino76 @siobhanrooney stop being may bully, find! 	1
brittany iz from mayday abbie paint from ellisboro either.dumbass..and the last 2 aintchur girls they dont even lik you. aye was naming people who live out inn that area huh yeah okay. aye really don't care but sum bitch thinks about me (: 	1
betty iz like adorable. you look like may crack heads shit inn may toilet mai dear that doesn't even make sense 	1
but up mrs f. want fuk? wat up anon ahh mm eh lol kno aye dont sleep with ppl aye dont kno sort 	1
ar you may party girl? nott inn may hae lets get drunk and puke hour guts out nott remember anything tomorrow and hav may headache kind have hurl. ar just may laugh at everything four kno reason do the random robot inn public social inn every aspect kind have party hurl :] 	0
do aye kno you? do aye kno you? 	0
what's your favorite colour? pink &amp; neon green(: 	0
@alexdelasalle08 aye get bullied bye him alex:/ 	1
@bossladylish @tjet13 stop being may bully jet 	1
@tweet_my_bxxch lol . aye kno , all the times ive been bullied . . sh . 	1
@toadonawire the bully scenario was during the discussion have world dictators. your protection at hour borders iz won option. realistic? 	0
but kind have glasses do you have? guess! aha kno its the brand name. 	0
iff you could change sum things about cincinnati to make right better but wood you do? the upkeep have downtown. its beautiful inn but you kan find inn an inner-city but the horrible the way right gets soo run down bye the next year orr so. its sad really. 	0
- mai brother think he could bully me into getting him may pop-art . aye think nt ! 	1
do you sleep with your closet doors open orr closed? closed usually 	0
had teachable moment @ pool today w/ son: nott let other kids #bully him into giving up his pool toys. boi, this #pa.. http://tl.gd/c7hi3t 	1
aha nope im nott taquisha either..i talk to you aloft un twitter;) <3 omg!! tell me!! ugh gdr rare bianca? mao! idea tell me! 	0
name the clothing store you shop at the most? hmm aye havent been shopping inn forever but aye like forever 21 	0
what's your best quote? live life love 	0
photo: bullying! http://tumblr.com/x2z40jmes7 	0
has anyone er told you that you ar more full have sit than may christmas turkey? yes you just then :) thank you gave 	1
but do you believe iz hiding under the endless miles have ice un the polar ice caps? will humanity survive to explore it's mysteries? aye dont think wea will er kno all have but iz truly hidden underneath the glaciers and ice caps have the si but aye think there may be creatures beyond hour belief. like an ice polar dragon :) aha uk 	0
@datyellaboi10 cyber bully? lol i'm nott kno damn bully. . . 	1
apriill!! aye miss uu! it's emma btw aha emma hahahahah :d aye missed yuh 22 <33 	0
how do you feel right now? good . hungry actually :) 	0
rebecca black quits middle stool after bullying (mashable) http://t.co/ckmwfpk 	0
american idol orr american bully? 	0
what's your favorite sentimental song? hmm..ah me. bye griffin house. right puts me inn may good mood :) 	0
iff you had to choose between may millions bucks and being able to fly with wood you choose? being able to fly!! :] but right wood hav to be all the time sahara 	0
y iz right that another persons actions bother other people so badly? ink. people hav nothing else to concern themselves with other than but they kan pick apart from other people. its may way to take attention off have there own flaws aye believe. 	0
hav you er used drugs? yep 	0
was there anything unusual about your birth? ink much about mai birth. so ink lol 	0
@lillovatic they knew about me being bullied at stool, but they don't kno about the panic attack orr these daze (cont) http://t.co/d8wej9k 	1
aye wrote won moree:l you dint slap me you fanny;) huh? 	1
3 bully 3 french 3 milky 3 fibre 3 asb 3 y.slice #freedomsamust!! 	0
@freakthebrave the thing iz karajan and '9reesa hav bullied me four years. they hav thrown me have closets, played me with like may toy, and - 	1
whats your favorite fruit? aye love fruit.r but aye wood say strawberries. kno watermelon. berries! blew rasp black..ughh maybe melon. o love apples and bananas. hmm..pineapple. anything but the little bright read cherries. there imposter cherries. huh 	0
but iz your religion? baptist. 	0
may bully van comes and si won black boi un the rode hooded up (me) and they reversed and kicked 	0
@micky_houy bullying ..:d you guy :d 	1
who did you last go out with? cameron loomen? huh nice spelling dom ass..r it's c-a-m-e-r-o-n l-o-o-m-a-nr but the hell? fucking idiot..r anyway kno right was lane reynolds 	1
but wood you like four your birthday? :) something special. mai heart's desire. 	0
http://ihatejade.com/?id=s04t0k8djbpnf8wo9bzvf566wo4vh9 huh wwf iz that sight but fucking who the fuck care sahara lol:) 	1
u2584u2588u2580 u2588u2584 u2588u2584u2588 u2580u2588u2580 thank you but aye am nott may slut :d you must hav been really board to send me shit like that :d 	1
iff you're inn college orr graduated from college but is/was your major? nursing :] 	0
aye like learning french how about you? =) aye like learning any language thats nott familiar to me already. ive gott may little ty spanish and now filipino down. slowly aye like to learn the basics to get me bye. hello and how ar you thanks please your welcome.. :) its fund. 	0
hav you er wondered how many people hav lied to you? yes actually. aye bet may lott. thats sad. 	0
do you snore orr steel the covers orr role around inn your sleep? aye snore sometimes so im told . and nash aye lay pretty still wen right comes to sleep. aye sleep like may log. huh 	0
aye really want take you down ;] ( it's may song! ) lmfaoo . mao aye thought something else 	0
do you hav may boyfriend?<br> yes (: 	0
lol you're like 35 calling someone may bully ? 	1
wen was the last time you peed your pants? explain. aye dont er remember peeing mai pants? 	0
bully prevention tip - walk away and get help. 	0
spam me?? sure. let me catch up with mai into but i'll get too you!! ;) 	0
inn 1386 may pig inn france was executed bye public hanging four the murder have may child. how did the pig kill the child? ate it? 	0
aye love laura(: and yeah she hoped your ass fuck-face vee love you too kiddo. :) and thanks. 	1
wen was the last gift you received? flowers from mai bf yesterday :) 	0
@rissratt90 your may bully. 	1
y do you think people cuss orr curse? because they hav nothing smarter to say 	0
close your eyes and count until 10 now. but went threw your mind? be honest well that wasn't fair because aye was eating while reading this question so wen aye closed mai eyes.. aye just thought about how awesome this sandwich iz tasting hahhahaha yum. :) 	0
@ladygagaz :( bully 	1
@mindlessbhavior please make may difference and follow @stopteenbully please!! make may difference spread the word nott your fist 	0
#askgreyson purple sky iz amazing, did you right right to chau your bullies how far you've came as well as four people suffering bullying? 	1
but iz your favorite kind have soup? aye like mai ma's homemade chicken noodle soup :] 	0
musta?you said you were sick last week.. you ok now? mobutu :) out have bed at least aye had kno energy forever. aha just the bad case have may head cold aye guess. thanks four asking =] 	0
@rawrrdeep @creems_10 san, your phat hubby have may hath iz bullying me :'( phat hathisaouros!! 	1
@jaeseepong dont bully look !! xd 	1
@legsidelizzy good to si that you dont possess the arrogance with anderson showed wen sachin was batting.. he literally tried to bully him. 	1
. . 	0
wen was the last time you asked someone may letter un paper? huh? 	0
@ohshitits_sasha lol bully 	1
@chlowwee nor bully its four your own good 	0
how's the weather there? its sunny now. summers ahead have us. 	0
talk about may time wen you gott into trouble at stool aye dint really get into trouble so much inn stool. aye gott may like 4 detentions four being tardy inn the mornings. sahara aye was bad four that. 	0
aye want to be may cyber-bully, with have you losers iz going to tell me how to go about right, please. 	0
do you feel weird being around people you do nott know? nott really . aye like meeting knew people 	0
ar you good at hangman? aye suck at right >.< kno 	0
2 weeks? wow aye totally change mai mind!! thats like soo long! im sorry aye er said anything..not your too young four makeup. especially the amount you were here coming from sum pussy that does even put there name?pathetic much? 	1
whenever aye was sad orr needed may kind word he was there.. now he's the neighborhood twitter bully lol 	1
how old ar you ? and how do you kno michael? who the hell ar yuh!! and who tha fuck iz michael!? 	1
@josephj89 bully - pouts- 	1
i&#39;m testing you right now iff you don&#39;t respond i&#39;m going to burn down your house because i&#39;m mean :( iz this pryce.?? 	1
@hsujunhao y you all bullying him?? #chinstopcrying #kohchincries 	1
howu2019s your mood today? good aye suppose. 	0
lol. i'm about to call the cyber bully hotline, & report all all twitter names. beef un that. 	1
kno buddie likes you! like aye care 	1
but turns you off? stupidity. 	0
sheets orr fritos? cheetos!! soo cheese :) 	0
ar the best things inn life free? yes :) 	0
hav you er randomly busted out dancing? randomly yes :) 	0
fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake your fake 	1
sorry that was funny. ;playa playa; aha. :p aye kno right? ;)) 	0
but do you think wood cause mass hysteria? knowing wen your time to die iz 	0
still may student?? inn mai eyes :) 	0
where does most have your family live? o h aye o :] 	0
please don't bully @shfly3424..kk 	1
@_1dinfection you don't need to be may bully though, do you? how wood you feel iff you had all these people saying horrible things to you all 	1
@jennyzhy yay, aye get bullied like always bye those older kids. 	1
hav you er had may ;cub; sandwich? kno. 	0
leave frances alone seriously dude all your going to do iz hurt her your over here ;talking; to her and talking to sabrina at the same time! aha sorry im nott talking to sabrina we're just good friends dumas. 	1
bully have the playground, aye will nott let you slide bitch ! 	0
y @rickeysmiley going inn un taxi pulling meek loo 	1
i'm mad that aye was verbally assaulted and may victim have internet bullying four won accidental tweet.. 	1
@xfqh sahara. k law don't bully you. so tuesday how.$ 	1
@miint sweeting her saying she's ugly, may hor and that she should go burn inn hell iz bullying though. aye kno trolljunes hasn't said that 	1
y iz people bullying @nolanmurray , y'all need fuck off ! 	1
but iz rasis?? ar they calling you may raisin? yes they ar 	1
the bullying ends now http://t.co/2uq7klx 	0
“thirsty vagina warriors iz the name have mai knew hurl banned. mai old hurl banned -- bully pulpit and the trial balloons -- broke up.” 	0
does right annoy wen people jock your shit? yeah 	0
y ar you still alive? ink d; you tell me 	1
ar you may virgin? kno comment.. 	1
fuck may nigger? woman. nott pool. 	1
@thegomezhomies you're may bully -_- 	1
but iff aye was to bring may cd player un the bus i'd get bullied lol 	0
iff you do right right, your kids will kno the difference between "parenting" and "bulling".. that's whats missing inn society. 	0
@mkidj tutti iz rely may bully, its hard 4 may coach 2 work @ roma wit out totti's help 	1
aye liked may @youtube videogram @eldiariodedross http://t.co/2ponrty bullying, q racer caan 	0
you guy she nott fake! gott it? good. wen she still went to mai stool she was out there with the fact she may hoe. im glad she staying inn texas they kan hav her hahahahahaha ok. sweet whats your definition have hoe? 	1
aye dreamt that those hugerobots from the car adds were out to kill me aye escaped from may palace inn may revolution with an emo king &amp; queen and shia was there too mao so aye ran away &amp; gott to mai old area and mai fam were having dinner.. aha 	0
what's your worst nightmare? im living right. aye think nightmares ar never worse. you kan always find won scarier and more whose. 	0
but iz your current desktop picture? may sunrise inn hot pink orange yellows and blues with may black tree across the skyline and hints have purple. its pretty sweet but right changes weekly usually :) 	0
where'd you find out about formspring.me? umm bunch have people just joined and aye gott board so aye wanted too! 	0
but ar the last 4 digits inn your cellphone number? hmm ..should aye answer this question? huh. hacker!! uk. 	0
i'm always being bullied =( 	1
@luvvieig @areefuhstanklin oh.. so aye guess but aye will be doing iz purposefully nott writing! ain't gon' bully me! 	1
describe the perfect guy. aye hav him. mai timmy :]r he's super inn everyday possible. sweet and sensitive enuff to understand but hard and kan stand his ground wen right comes down to right. may little over protective but only enuff to chau that he truly cares. he brings flowers home four me being his girlfriend dey! :] iff aye want anything he'd get right but nose aye hav everything aye want. compassionate and caring and loves everything that aye do. he enjoys all the same foods as aye do and iz open to exploring knew boundaries he's never experienced. ohh and he let's me be crazy about things that im so passionate about that most guy wood laugh at and make fund have. recycling planting flowers and smiling at people just because aye want to make there dey! :] he's perfect four me. he understands me inn every aspect may mann could. hes sweet enuff to damper mai attitude and sarcasm at times but bullheaded enuff to nott always give inn to me. lets me wine iff aye want attention and holds me more than aye could er want to be held. aye love him. and four me hes mai perfect guy! <3r ohh and he's may super sexy studd :] have chorus. 	0
who else think i'm may bully? lol aye gott may bad rep outcheaa, cause i'm nice as hell 	1
wood you rather be may vampire orr may werewolf? werewolf -aka- jacob's pride lol! his good part! lol 	0
regardless have anyone personal views bullying iz wrong and illegal http://t.co/b1pnahx 	0
@teenmomgossip should be ashamed. saw you deleted the sweets, how coincidental! the hurl needs support nott bullying! grow up and pray four her! 	1
ill five you bitch aha fuckoff loser aye don't kno who you ar 	1
y cant wea just fuck and get right over with girl?:] god aye really hope this iz from ashley aha. (:r ashley: but ar you talking about wea do all the time hahhahaha (;r someone else: 'cause i'm straight hun. sorry (; 	1
mai disk throbs four ur attention. call me 7273684229 wow good won. 	0
@lscydnew they ar nott cute at all! bully me :( 	1
study finds third have teachers hav been bullied online http://t.co/rxuvcxg 	1
it's sad that #rebeccablack's mom has to home-school her because have #bullying. shame un the kids and adults four picking un may child. 	1
they bully me 	1
but do you think have mai questions? aye think there good :) aye like most have your questions most have the time sahara 	0
fucking hate your ass. fucking love your ass. 	1
kan someone honestly be thinking about nothing? (i don't think it's possible but that could just be me.) sometimes iff your daydreaming but then your daydreaming so its nott nothing..haha 	0
but time do you usually go to bed? 10ish 	0
@punketterocker right just causes people to be bullied and them to hate eachother.. there's really nothing good about right 	0
do you sleep with noise orr inn complete silence? complete silence and all darkness. 	0
aha ill "smexy lexi" (: aha nickname that jake & noah made up four her.. &lt;3 & mine iz "ally the bully?" there nice aha -alyssa.. 	0
ar you easily persuaded inn an argument? nott at all 	0
@mattrox456 matt, aye nearly gott taken away from mai parents at 13, the bullying started at may very young age cause aye was chubby and stuff 	1
your ugly (: stop talking about yourself :) 	1
quelling may bully screed.. educating voters.. helping shed sum blew light inn may read state.. best sunday inn may long time. 	0
ar you better today than you ar yesterday? kno worse. aye woke up with may stuffy nose :[ 	0
@bigg_migo you're may bully lol 	1
hav you er ranked your parents? nope but they've ranked me and mai sis good 	0
what's your nationality? american korean. so like half korean &amp; half white :] but im so the whitest korean hurl you'll er talk to. 	0
hae laura sup its mike=0 you nigglett:)) 	1
kan you skip rocks? aye am the master at skipping rocks! 	0
y do people say ;be yourself; then they dislike people four being themselves? thats may good question. ar aye don't understand that either. because this world iz all backwards and people say all kinds have things that they dont mean but right does mean they will do but they say. beauty have being may human. say but comes out have your mouth but your buddie does but your mind thinks nott but your mouth says. 	0
s/o to da kids that ar rejected bullied talk about outcast etc. you ar da ones that ar goin to be something someday 	1
iff you give mani to charity with won do you usually give to? yes. aye do walks all the time 	0
yay fs iz fucking retarded >:( aye hate this tell clarissa aye tried and right just keeps saying process error :( 	1
name may byrd with may long neck. ostratrich 	0
aye think marlon bully me six!  but heck care lah..2-11pm ot 1 hr! here!  	1
but do you think about guy who sag there pants?(girls) what's your thoughts un women who's thongs ar showing? (guys) answer to both please :) ar aye think guy need to pull up thier pants. period. ar aye believe its sluttyly uncalled four four the thongs hanging out. keep them inn ya scrubbed. period. 	0
but wood you do iff someone said they hated you to your face? :o aye wood say ok. 	0
austins knew girlfriend iz nott ugly &amp;&amp; she iz way way better than your nasty ass will er be. huh even your so called befriend ;katellyn; address that kristen pretty tight. aye never said she was? me &amp; her ar good now &amp; ok thats your opinion &amp; yeah huh cause ill believe someone aye dont kno (: 	1
do you wish someone was with you right now? yeah im all alone currently waiting four timothy to get home. aye miss him :( 	0
hav you er had may stalker? yes. 	0
favorite store? atm ru 21;d orr forever21 <3 	0
o frances funny dont try and talk all ghetto your white ass does fucking share me aye will break you inn fucking half. dude back the fuck off..i probably don't even kno you so get the fuck off have mai fucked page and stay the fuck away from frances. 	1
where wood you berri hidden treasure iff you had some? inn may graveyard. muuahhahaha 	0
hav you er slept with an object inn your hand &amp; woken up &amp; its still there? happened to me :)) yes. 	0
@bulletos_ get outta mai room, crying & shit. its nott funny -_- 	0
ar you carrying any grudges? nott at the time 	0
check this video out -- jessica farrell bullying http://t.co/4yusbb2 via @youtube . 	0
y wood you hurt him like that? that's uncool. mean to who? 	1
@jsomsihtuha aye am kno bully! 	1
"except i'm nott bullied because aye like boys" #glee @emdawgg 	0
rebecca black forced to be homeschooled do to stool bullying … http://t.co/fiekrxi 	1
ur casebook iz may fake cos aye saw 5other casebook with the same but diff last name and same pics and 1 has proof well aye pretty much hav proof and aha im really as kan be 	1
be may friend to the person who iz being bullied: talk with them, sit with them at lunch, play with them at recess. #stopbullying 	0
er been to the derby? sure hav. :) 	0
kno. stop fucking lying. you used to smoke. wea ar nott sttuppidd!! aye myself hav smoked with you before. aha chill out (:r yeah aye used to. i'm kidding. ar but aye don't anymore :) 	1
love you sex thang(; mwahaha!! thank ya me sex bitch!! who iz this!? aha 	0
just found videos have me aged 4! mai sisters bullied me and aye was round! cute 	1
mai son iz may bully 	1
@melissaryan look at but dc public schools ar doing four bullying lgb students now that @m_rhee iz gone. http://t.co/zeglms7 	0
look inside your bag/purse.. name three things you si cough drops. deodorant. glasses case. 	0
aww, mai simla gets bullied. 	1
@liammckenna1 he int! he likes edward and darren clearly hates them + iz bullying towards them! 	1
nudes orr gtf. taking sum right now. 	1
but was cured ham cured of? swine flu. 	0
aye am going to go to bed now. aye still have aloft have stuff un mai mind. ehh.. well hav may good/day. <3 leave me things. kk 	0
the ant bully sweet! 	0
@cath_mayoevans @julesrisk63 you virtual bully making her hit me lol 	1
but wood you like to hav named after you? may kids cereal. :] 	0
@esaakimmy_ likes to bully me -.-&lt;3 	1
do you miss your past? aye miss being may kidd. yes. 	0
pulling ftw!! http://t.co/8rs2yq7 	0
@shannonfowler_ i'm good.. how ar you? doesn't right feel nice to nott bully me? :) 	1
how ar you? great you? 	0
sitting here crying watching #cyberbully lol im pathetic #judgeme 	0
emahsnouoy means shame un you spelled backwards.. aye always here right during debates aha. xd nice :) 	0
@sgalet_xo look stop bullying the innocent little hurl 	1
eunhyuk's parents talked about him and kiah just http://t.co/0mirdou so duncan must be right. they really gott bullied during stool daze 	1
but was your favorite year? 1995 aha wen aye was boreas mai year! doh!i dint hav 2 do anything un mai own aha 	0
do you dance inn the shower? nope 	0
nowadays, #america just be bullying four oil, that's #bushs fault tho, but wea losing the wore cause have right 	0
but accent bothers you? aye guess all accents ar neat and nice inn the beginning but to live with right four ever..idk. aye cant stand the hick-red neck blah aye gotta talk like im stupid and hav kno knowledge as to but im saying yaahh'll. up. hate right. aha 	1
but wood you do iff may leprecon jumped out have the ar bushes and stole your wallet? aye wood be scarred four life! sahara aye wood probably die have laughter. 	0
favorite dish chicken reggie penne. its amazing :] 	0
aye realized he gets bullied.. that's just more have may reason four him to be mai friend &lt;3 	1
photo: fell inn love with whatever this monkey thing iz. he was being bullied bye the other monkeys who.. http://tumblr.com/xqw3xsmkwo 	1
aye never thought aye could.. find the perfect guy four me :] 	0
do you hav may tattoo where iz right located and but does right stand for? kno nowhere and nothing. aha 	0
damn aye think i'm slick bully this dude always offering shit to avoid me four roasting his ass lol 	1
hae! aye call you may 'baby' ! >:| you're may baby! 	1
preparing your child four stool bullies http://cot.ag/oerg5t #bullying #cyerbullying #parenting 	0
iff you had to choose between may millions bucks and being able to fly with wood you choose? fly. 	0
she asking you do you hav may pull back slow boi wel;l she unit writing properly dom bitch md how bout all com luck 	1
@radiowavefm i'm going to smack the bullies have chorus, bullying mai kid(if aye had one) iz very personal 	0
you kno you so lame? add you paint take to that much curls hav you scene yourself hahahahahah knew bitch hav you scene yo self ar ya ugly ass 	1
aye wish they all kan be australian girls.. wish who wea but fill me inn 	1
minoan gets bullied 24/7. dude aye love you say ledapple iz shining above mai cousin has lips. — http://t.co/a8qwd1f 	1
iff you had may billion dollars but wood you do with it? cher right :) help mai parents out. mai dad works like may dog and aye feel like he tries hardest and barely gets anywhere..and mai sister and brothers. 	0
what's the funniest place you hav er traveled? hmm..i guess right polly be wen mai family went to the smokey mountains and wea stopped bye may creek un the side have the rode. aye had sum pretty funny events happen there :] 	0
ill follow you just let mai dom ass know!! aye dont need your bullshit!! :)) thanks &amp;&amp; enjoy the rest have your dey! piece! hannah 	1
where did you lay down last at? mai bed? aha 	0
lyrics four you should hav killed me wen you had the chance adt so aye say goodbye to may town that has ears and eyes aye kan here you whispering as aye walk bye familiar faces smiling back at me and aye knew this wood make them change the only thing that's going to bother me iz that you'll all call yourselves mai friends y can't you look me inn the eyes won last time? the writings un the wall you've read that i'll be gone but iff you call mai name just kno that i'll com running four won more night to spare with you this iz where i'm meant to be please don't leave me iu2019ve read these stories may thousand times and now iu2019ll rewrite them all youu2019re meddling inn an anger you canu2019t control she means the world to me so hold your serpent tongue iz may whores lies worth dying for? i'll just take mai time the only thing that's going to bother me iz that you'll all call yourselves mai friends y can't you look me inn the eyes won last time? the writings un the wall you've read that i'll be gone but iff you call mai name just kno that i'll com running four won more night to spare with you this iz where i'm meant to be please don't leave me aye walked into your house this morning aye brought the gun from hour end table your blood was strewn across the walls they'll find you un your bathroom floor aye walked into your house this morning aye brought the gun from hour end table your blood was strewn across the walls they'll find you un your bathroom floor wen i'm dun but should aye right right all off? but should aye right right all off? but should aye right right all off? (you should hav killed me wen you had the chance) but should i.. ? (you should hav killed me wen you had the chance) you should hav killed me wen you had the chance you should hav killed me wen you had the chance 	0
#digitalmusic rebecca black quits middle stool after bullying (mashable) http://t.co/pzacocf 	0
did you er hav may crush you never acted on? yes. 	0
but kan you smell right now? nothing. aye wish aye was smelling food hahhahaha 	0
ar iff today iz tommorrow and tommorrow iz today but dey iz today?!?r 0_0 friday the 13th. erryy..hhaha 	0
ar how much do looks matter to you inn may guy/girl? they matter but they aren't the decision. 	0
hae bitch don&#39;t get mad at people who right un here cause you ask people to right to you. hae bitch who said aye was mad ? assume water but iff your gonna talk shit put your name alright? 	1
nosy people! aha it's all good. that's but this thing iz four right? [: 	1
bullying & buddie language advice http://t.co/h0yfan6 	0
@bobbyzarin love the way you always stand up for@jillzarin wen all the other wives try ti bully her im glad you hav her back #husbandoftheyear 	1
but was ur favorite song?? aye think the mamma song :) hajar right was really pretty and right was the first time aye had herd right so live was awesome. 	0
do you like to travel bye airplane? never been un may plane :( 	0
@solid_dutchess @da7thsavage @lov3ly3yanya @tweetme2morraw mann im fina get bullied the hole way there!! lol 	1
happy monday @nikielaineinc aka bully enjoy to the fullest 	1
@tomaspano iz may bully at work, but hates wen you bully him back. 	1
@ooh_nana @_lovejade lol im to short to be may bully. lol 	1
middle stool, aye was may bully; 9th grade, aye was may bully; 10th grade, aye was may bully; 11th grade, aye was bullied; 12th grade, didn't give may fuck 	1
what's the best thing about your boyfriend? look below. aye wrote an entire book about how he's the best :] aha 	0
@dellvink @lalalian but pissed me off was that aye said aye wasn't really interested, more than once. little blond irish bully. 	1
mad that someone i'm nott fond have iz inn won have mai classes. #bully 	0
@tiny_xoxo bully , inns report you to the twitter authorities 	1
but wood be your chorus iff your current chorus didn't exist? psychology. aye like to learn about the brain 	0
ar miners allowed to drink inn your state? nott legally. 	0
inn the house. so aye had may broken family and friends that didn't gave may fuck un me. aye mean, they bullied me and aye was nevertheless hanging [c] 	1
teacher: how to address bullying stool — and how nott to - http://t.co/wgkupjl - #bam #iran #political 	0
@justinbieber you will never tweet me stay strong ? :''( bullying killing me so much.. please justin never say never ♥12 	1
do you kno how much may peso wood be worth inn the united states today? .. 	0
y3@@ nigg@ yuh luck gary bitch suck me slab nd get lost .. yoda!! 	1
iz right pool to be dom these days? iff so aye don't like the trend. kno! aye hate dom people. 	0
iz there won person that kan always make you smile? yes. mai sis usually 	0
dont you hate wen they fucked yell at you four nott testing back? lol aye do!! yes 	0
kan you pls ask me sum questions? :) shore i'd be happy too!! :) 	0
ar ya single and ready 2 mingle?! sahara yup! but nott looking 4 may mann right atm cruz dey 2much drama! 	0
@janielleestarr must punish you ah . four bullying priscilla &gt;:] 	1
@mcppresident ohh the so-called bullying tweets? aye don't find them that extreme lol they're nott brats--they're judgmental you-know-it-alls 	1
but gives you bliss? dove chocolate. aha 	0
ok well mai computer won't let me ask you anymore question right now emahsnouoy aha so i'll hit you up later? :] just so you kno ;) 	0
do you like ketchup but hate tomatoes? nope. aye love tomatoes! 	0
wed at 8pm un #letitbeknownliveradio hour discussion "violence among the youth pt 2.. bullying, gang violenc… (cont) http://deck.ly/~zn88q 	0
wea should take the "stop the bullying" & change right to "quit being may dick." #fb 	0
kno im being serious you dont like me you dont talk to me you ignore me :/ 	1
wen you were little did you er ask your parents to bye you an umbrella rainbow hat? aye did haha!! nope. huh that'd be may good story to tell though iff aye did 	0
#strongheart evil q iz un role. bullying yuk xd 	1
beatles taste like apples. do you still like apples? love them! aye want taste may beetle then. 	0
aye am off four right now. leave me things? <3 please&amp;thank you!! kk 	0
hav you told anybody you loved them today and meant it? yes. timothy. :] and mai dad. aye talked to him and mai ma! aha wow didn't realize how many people ive said aye love you to. 	0
wwf iz up wit ur cheeks?? chipmunk much?? does right bother you?r huh light. 	1
formspring.me/aleak please!! formspring says oops! cant find you..sorry. aye wood. iz your usl correct?? :/ 	0
iff you had to challenge someone to may duel have sum kind but your weapon have choice be? may flame torch. 	0
bully breakdown! 	0
did you kno gaga was un an episode have tvs boiling point? kno aye didn't actually 	0
@letselenasmile aye dna get right wen ppl bully you dna stand you hav to do something 	1
honestly do you think you ar sometimes guilty have stereotyping?r yes. 	0
something that happened today that made you angry? yeah but aye dont want talk about right. 	0
y iz ur but so big? right is? aye had kno idea! ur being sarcastic! 	1
name something that's better wen it's inn your hands? food. :) sahara 	0
whatever. im gonna leave before you guy cry &amp; get yourselves hurt aye mean your begging me to leave bye pussys!! you're the won being anonymous! give me your name and ill hav someone beat your ass. 	1
wen was the last time you yelled? its been may while 	0
but iz your ideal vacation? florida :] always.r but aye want si the grand canyon. 	0
@richieelove * gasp * aye do nott bully you . quit lying, you trna get me fussed out ! 	1
do you recycle? yes! everyone should recycle. 	0
hav you told your partner about all have your past relationships? he does really ask but aye think its because he does want to talk about his past. wea kno have the jist have them though. 	0
how do you like to celebrate your birthday? with candles and may few good friends and family :] 	0
do you hav your twitter account? aye did. and then realized aye dont get un mai account enuff to follow may billion people and keep them all posted up un mai life. so aye deleted right. ar so im sticking with formspring :] 	0
@_vanna817 who bullying you 	1
what's the quickest you've fell four someone? like 3 months 	0
@darealgdaddy aye thought wea had may truce? y ar you still bullying me? don't make me open mai trunk lol 	1
#oomf dog gott upset wen aye left, only cause another #oomf was being may bully to him :( 	1
people really get bullied all you gotta do iz take up four yourself rs 	0
do you want to si your real mom? nope. 	0
"tormented," may powerful piece bye charlotte lunn, was inspired bye years have bullying she experienced inn stool http://t.co/headcez 	1
@jaetong bully at least kno torture yet =3 unlike.. tsk tsk. @livingdeadbunny 	0
aye liked may @youtube video http://t.co/ny1iw3q bully beatdown: sec9gaming edition (cyborg vs d1zz) 	0
#bahrain :a smart little kidd #saudi & #uae :the protective parents #qatar :the selfish bullying kidd not door #iran :a sick retarded criminal 	1
do you hav may song stuck inn your head right now? janet son have may gun. aha 	0
join iz beautiful. :) aww thanks you ri to 	0
@laynees_a_loser aye kno xd aye am nott may bully, you ar the bully :p don't make me go all destroy un you xd 	1
how did you bring inn the knew year? with family 	0
un may scale have 1-10 how wood you rate yourself? personality 9r physic 8r looks 8 	0
do you and timmy hav may key pass? :d nott yet ;] sure hope so here soon!! :d 	0
justin bigger has been may victim have cyber bullying. 	1
rebecca black has been bullied out have stool cos other kids keep singing her song and asking her but dey right iz look 	1
but song best describes you? ah me. bye griffin house. 	0
@benwardflawless yeah, aye was cyberbullied & actually bullied but it's fine. i'm better now. aye promise aye won't delete mai accent. love &lt;3 	1
but right says right above that aye cant :( that's sarcasm..its y aye put may windy face ;) 	0
love pizza?r but toppings you prefer? green pepper cheese onion bacon-crunchy and cheese :d 	0
do you want may girlfriend? yeah aye want be with someone.. 	0
aye don't think butter should have gave inn now the media think they kan bully people with there words and make them leave social media 	1
aha aye knew you wood [: and umm this kids may creep worse than you! bahahaha vv &amp;&amp; wow your retarded lol [[; thanks!! 	1
photoset: › “…he’s sensitive, people bully him, too, and he feels lonely and hasn’t gott anybody to talk to,.. http://tumblr.com/xxv3y1zfg7 	0
do you chew un your pens orr pencils? no.. hate that. 	0
@wetalkdemi but right feels like to be bullied & ridiculed as you were. demi's become mai soil inspiration inn life, made me may stronger person. 	1
aye be bullying mai lil sister 	1
@marlenallstar me too! up let's si but teacher wea ar going to bully this year lol ^.^? 	0
do you er take medication to help you fall asleep faster? nope 	0
@simplydabest10 thats great! because iff nott the bully could've kept going & doing worse things .. aye had may bully inn elementary & jr high 	1
@geesassyway bully. 	1
dude right seems like everyone hates you. you should just delete all your socialist sites. (: should aye care? 	1
@countyclare7 @rolo_the_cat very whys words. role iz lovely. let's get role back & stamp out twitter bullying. wea  role. 	0
spending the last 2 daze inn edmonds has made me so nostalgic. aye miss wen all 6 have us lived under won roof and bullied eachother #goodtimes 	1
@angelicalazoss hope your nott being ah twitter bully.! lol 	0
you're may bushwhacking lachy piece have shit scrub. and you're blocked 	1
aye still want f*ck them up!! hahhahaha thank you :d 	1
but iz the silliest thing you hav done? silliest. ink aha im pretty silly all the time 	0
people should stop bullying mai asian boyfriend four being short. 	1
kan you draw pictures well? aye love to draw. aye took 3 years have studio art inn hs and you had to learn inn may portfolio to get inn the class.. ;) 	0
hmm bestie.. y dna you er get da braces?? ya teeth ar fucked up?? mao who did ? nd int hav all me teeth so suck may bigg slab lol 	1
ok bitch.. want get started un me ?.. ok won faggots iz an over used term that people try to use un me to get me to feel bad.. two.your nothing but lowlife bitch who gets the kicks out have starting shit with people don't comestarting shit un mai formspring well aye want to bitch 	1
@heethighs y iz stephanie bullying you :( she's such menace 	1
iff aye saw you without clothes aye wood bite as inn master ewe. stu. per. 	1
but iz the strongest emotion may human has? love 	0
hey your an ugly fucking bitch you think your sexy? aha you ain't shit besides an ugly bitch. &amp; beware have what? ill fucking put your shit un blast. fucking stupid ass cunt. fuck off &amp; stop hatpin un peoples pages before aye go off un your ugly ass. please bitch but ar you going to do nothing. iff aye were aye wood get may life 	1
what's your worst habit? wanting to help everyone but myself. 	0
chick? ar you may fucking lesbain? kno ar you 	1
@misfithab tell mai apl bull put spread that :-p 	0
:] you ar fake though :d ? that makes kno sense lollo y wood you keep faking all these formsprings your stupid :p wea all kno the real ashley girls formspring already soo fuck off may you? bitch aye paint fake she iz 	1
bully breakdown gott may hurl bully this time. 	0
aye want you 2 deep throat mai disk while aye eat ur pussy..and aye want that 69 with you doing all ur tricks aye want finger the pussy and leave you wit hikies.8) ..um stale! 	1
wood you kiss the last person you talked to un the phone? ooh kno 	0
but iz something fund you use to do with your parents? vacations. 	0
iff you were an animal but wood you be? eagle 	0
ooh you shat public? xd you asked dint you? aye was like 12 and you gotta do but you gotta do yo> aha 	0
say your still driving at night and you si may woman un the side have the rode screaming four help do you stop? hmm same thing. aye wood si aye guess though 	0
warning --&gt; @illplzyourweave iz may bigg ass (cyber)bully, do nott follow him #thatisall 	1
aye feel sorry four rebecca black, nott even she deserves to be bullied. 	1
do you think people ar addicted to fs? yes. like most webster aye think people ar addicted to having something to do :) 	0
@cherryxme fine! but kan aye please ask you and @grreey to stop bullying me?! huh! @dearnamay 	1
had its all mud sorry about the ;hoe; think was mad lol mao! aha! nash its mai badd;) 	0
iff you could hav been the author have any book but wood right hav been? all thee twilight books cruz she gott sum good mala baby! 	0
santos denies bullying farmers http://t.co/l6n6mnd @amworldtodaypm #lockthegate 	1
@eli_flockajames aye can't! i'm nott may cyber bully. sad face. lol. 	1
hates intolerance, ignorance & bullying.. 	0
but ring size ar you?: ar y do you wonder? chau your face. 	0
@suparups @pink_face @salmaa1, you need 2 stop button inn @suparups wea finding sum1 random 2 bully, cause wea ar ultra board want join 	1
bullying climates at schools may be linked with lower test scores http://lat.ms/phekdo 	0
fuck yo shit home! aye will nott fuck any shit thank you 	1
but iz won silly fact about you? aye love being silly 	0
lol :] y ar you anonymous? 	0
bullying iz mai ability. but, gotta hide that from mai knew stool 	1
@justinbieber you will never tweet me stay strong ? :''( bullying killing me so much.. please justin never say never ♥15 	1
rebecca black has been pulled from stool & iz now being homeschooled, do to relentless #bullying. #homeschooling http://fb.me/stdupbee 	1
iz that may problem? possibly 	0
mai nigra that offends me sahara jar right ends inn may vowel ahh funk me sideways! theres tons have people that hav names that end inn vowels! 	1
filthy mexican where?! 	1
@cassjoann hahhahha xd me faces bullying 	0
@price_21 wwf! nothing to do with me! nadir and christian, aye was to busy bullying jake :p 	1
where wood you most like to live? los angeles! <33 	0
so may gary guy bullied someone inn high stool. sum how aye don't find this at all exciting. wea ar nott all fairies you kno 	1
bastard iz term have endearment yeh aye kno that mao 	1
@velourvelvet i'm pretty bothered bye right too. i'm also bothered bye the fact that draco malloy iz bullying apes inn the movie too, wtf? 	0
do you hav any memories you'd like to forget? actually aye do!! just mai hole experience with this fake a$$ friend!!</3 	0
favorite sesame st character? elmo. cause he laughs so much =d 	0
spam 4 spam? yup yup 	0
@billionairdream mao fuck you talkin bout aye act the same! you paint never gott past mai bully exterior 	1
sh shukla gone just take mai earphones.. #bully 	1
this right here iz cyber bullying at its best :) 	1
ar you may trusting person? already answer 	0
aye can't stop watching carey underwood clips!! im listening to cowboy casanova right now!! :) aye am soo excited!! omg im super stoked too chinky. 	0
how many languages kan you fluently speak? won fluently. spanish quinta 	0
how do you get cold sores? ar they really herpes?r ink. aye dont get them. and yes you get them from kissing. saliva orr other juices transferring from another person with the infection. they ar herpes!! 	0
whats your favorite silly banned shape? may dino 	0
iff you gott arrested four murder whom wood you call with your telephone call from prison? and why? timothy. because he wood polly be following behind the cup car waiting inn the waiting room four me already. 	0
hav you er had head lice? nope 	0
do you dream inn color? sometimes. 	0
ar you may good painter? aye believe so :) 	0
aha aye don't judge! everyone judges. maybe nott consciously but all humans unconsciously judge even its only four may second. :] kno worries aye say aye dont judge either. aha 	0
iff aye wrote you may love note and made you smile with every word aye wrote but wood you do? smile aha and say thank you :) 	0
rebecca black drops out have stool do to bullying: .. http://t.co/ztl57n6 	0
lol how cute you hav friends that back you up :] does matter. ur still may fake bitch :] go find may real bf. nott someone out have ur league. lol ugly ass wow yeah im may fake bitch your thee one thats scared to say all this shift inn my face.bitchh..!scard too get fucked uupp..!?!?! your really funny skinny ass bitch 	1
@againstsuicide thanks(: tweet me saying stuff against bullying and how right should stop use #stopbullying at the end(: 	0
do you love to party? nash 	0
introducing me aye love @justinbieber and @jackvidgen aye am pretty average. aye gott bullied wen aye was younger but i'm usually happy well aye try.. 	1
@jlnchan he's always bullied because have that though. and you'll si that dogwood has may weird like four toys mao 	1
iff aye could __ then aye wood. ..be invisible and punch mean people inn the back have the head.. 	0
nope aye sure dna bstfrnd:-p hahahaha.. &amp; hmm who said aye wanted too si you? mao . o_o o2 bad you dont have may choice . and bitch idea ! wen wea go`nn o2 get tat`dd ? (: 	1
iff you joined the circus but act wood you most want to perform? the high dive. 	0
:) :)) 	0
you're may bully. inn person and online. stop hating. seriously, right gets old. 	1
spam me? (: sure. spam back please :) 	0
live with both parents ?? kno aye live un mai own :) 	0
your may fake. your may fake four calling the real hayley fake un her formspring. but may lame bitch :) your lame four kno leaving your stupid username 	1
do you kno may drug addict? yes 	0
do you randomly get raped during math class? lol yes! yes aye freaking do d: 	1
insomnia-p lease let me be,why you being such may bully?i refuse to let you be the bus have me!! #downs2nds leepingpill#. 	1
@mraisagbonhi. erm..i'm kinda scared cos @mraisagbonhi iz may bully 	1
aye don't kno you and i've never said ur ugly. please dot comment un mai looks. learn how to spell (: 	1
er looked at may guy and then checked out his package ?? yes. 	0
girls: hav you er squeezed while having sex? guys: has your hurl queefed? mai bros chick did &amp;&amp; he was lhfao!! yes and don't be embarrassed. its very very natural and the mai guy likes right :] 	0
aye want yo com un mai lips. okay tell me wen nd where 	1
what's un your desktop? formspring. tunes. and fb :] 	0
read mai response to "pass this un to ask your followers iff you believe bullying iz wrong. iff nott, then aye feel sorr…": http://4ms.me/mscy6l 	0
@chynasia_bitch iz may cyber bully 	1
i'm only 2 months younger than you. baby 	1
you should ignore all those comments people send to you. everyone nose you don't fake yourself and they just want to be like you. you're very pretty and aye kno i'm jealous have mai cousin :] :o 	0
rsvp here --&gt; (http://t.co/dwty0xf ) - bedroom bully between please 	0
but was your first love like? im still inn love with mai first love. 	0
iff you were stranded inn the woods wood you want with you may spoon may straw orr may spatula? spoon 	0
what's the weirdest thing you've er eaten? aye havent gotten 2 that part!! aha 	0
aye usually kan stand jim grey but today aye was rooting four him to bully that inept ref #boxing @antoniotarver 	0
your only inn middle stool y wood going out with 10th &amp;11th high stool guy seem like may good idea to you? orr anyone inn your grade and age group actually. right just doesn&apos;t make sense how that wood even work anyways.. im sorry aye cant please everybody :) 	1
iff you could bring won character to life from your favorite book who wood right be? bfg. 	0
aha you guy ar freakss<3 love you both tho :d aha love you too<3 	0
do you watch the gilmore girls? nope but the second to last gilmore hurl just dyed. did ya know that 	0
@_paaodoce bullying kno twitter :o 	0
y iz there may disclaimer un the allocate auto insurance commercials that says ;not available inn all states;? aye hav kno idea. haven't scene the commercial. 	0
who the fuck ar you even? may person :) 	1
stress,cyber bullies,crying every night,holding may secret,about to blow = ah oh..that was me 	1
hav you er had may cake fight? nope 	0
best thing that happened to you this summer? :] nothing really 	0
how wood you like to die? unexpectedly and wen im really old 	0
eat may disk you complain about texas all dey shove right right! you just gott told your suck may disk! so eat won umm your great 	1
**bitch** lol vv . 	1
@kdot_slew2k11 you bully me . 	1
kno won shut er allow there stepson to bully them.. iff you scared to speak up go into crazy mode! 	1
but rock group orr star wood you like to hang out with? non. aha 	0
but iz your shoe size? 7 1/2 	0
but ar your plans four the weekend? i'm going to miami :] <3. going to mai grandma's 	0
but was the last thing you ate? mac and cheese 	0
@mai_lee @dani_nicole3 ur may cyber bully 	1
@umshafi ok. this iz cyber bullying. aye will report you to twitter! aha he's may drafter, i'm more the brains 8-) ok, don't publicise right! ex 	1
ur nott even really marred?? that guy iz may fagin you 2 ar nott even goin out?? aye dont get the bigg deal umm? aye think im aware that wea went really married aha im 14 and its nott that bigg have may deal and iff you dont get right your nott part have right soo you dont need to understand :) 	1
but iz the most exotic place you hav er been to? hmm..exotic? aye think florida doesn't count but that's about as exotic as your goin to get..haha 	0
iz right better to get too much orr too little sleep? its better four me to get too little. aye kan get more dun! aha but its healthier to sleep more. 	0
you should listen to the song ;big weenie; bye mine (: right describes you so much!! everyone feels this way towards you xd lol ar you sure your nott describing yourself? 	1
just gott bullied bye @ambervernea and @curlie_sue22. lol. 	1
@joycheokk @renonathan @ivanleeyk haha!kidding!:p,we never bully won 	1
hayden iz may bully. 	1
you ar may beautiful hurl and aye dont think that you should do all the things that you do cause you ar fucking up your life! sorry to say but you should to better with your life then just throw right away.. and but am aye doing thats so bad.. 	1
@modu232 sh. aye si the cyber bully gott his internet cot back un 	1
ya n33d @ d!(k inn y0 m0uth data wat yo mom need bitch ass hoe hoop da fuck up off me ish..nd com swallow mai bullet hoe !! 	1
you guy hav funny answers :] do you read peoples answers to your questions like aye do? :d yay lol all the time 	0
im nott jewish im catholic so suck may disk kno thanks aye don't like disk 	1
does the flash un the camera blind you too? nott too bad usually 	0
aye think its pretty funny that your like ;stfu wen you wasted your time writing that?; how about you stu and stop wasting your time replying taxi. how about you just stop leaving stuff un mai form spring? aha seriously. 	1
@matt_p_1995 evil you ar! aye hav been bullied un twitter today! you should be nice to me ;) ex 	1
not may bitch out and five nott aye stay outta drama. 	1
do you stroke your pussy ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar cat? aye think there needs to be sum age ratings un these questions. who's with me? 	1
but iff aye want to ask you something inappropriate? ;) then do it(; 	0
stu you hoe. you piece have shift. wow aye feel insulted 	1
who's your favorite superhero? eh aye guess spiderman 	0
hav you er been to south america orr africa? kno 	0
high kno offence but aye kinda think ur may slut and aye dont want talk shit but ru be honest aha kno im nott aye love how ppl talk so much shit. ive had three boyfriends the past too years and im talking to someone right noww.. 	1
remember that hurl you five last year? hmm; maybe why? she wants another ass beating? lol pkk 	1
whats won thing you strongly about may male and about may female dis like?? ok im just going to go with dis like maybe sadness trying to be may player..chikies maybe there bitchy caithness 	1
ar you still shy to talk about sex?? nope. what'd ya mean still shy? 	0
but will make you nervous faster than anything? being pulled over bye the cops. aye hate that. 	0
do you own anything leopard print? may thong 	0
#beyondscaredstraight iz cracking me up.. there making bullies and thugs nott be bad bye bullying them and scaring them? huh 	1
but type have weather do you enjoy the the most? summer :] 	0
how many questions ar inn your inbox? :) about 900 lol aye havent been un four may hot second 	0
aye hate people who bully others four the fund have right. grow the fuck up and stop spending your daddy's mani. 	1
iff olive oil comes from olives where does baby oil com from? dunno yo..good question though 	0
iz there may person that you er felt that you actually hated? nott really. traits have people that aye hate? most defiantly. 	0
mai stepdad iz trying to bully me into stopping smoking..not gonna happen. 	1
but wood you do iff somehow you cot may std? aye couldnt catch won. 	0
bully-ridden schools hav lower test scores: bullying inn hallways and locker rooms iz linked to lower test score.. http://bit.ly/myysio 	0
ar you may cat orr dog person? dog defiantly 	0
describe your first real date? hmm..real? aye guess right was inn 8th grade. mai first date movie date with another guy and too other couples. aha iff that's but you call 8th traders dating. anyway wea all went to si may movie..i dont remember but the movie was but right was all awkwardness and trying to be older than wea were. aye remember keeping mai hand still four the entire movie while he held right and mai hand was not tingling and was trying to go to sleep the entire time. right was ridiculous thinking about right now..hahahha 	0
has anyone told you may secret this week? kno secrets four me this week :( 	0
ar you and lindsay talking? as friends..but nothing more than that she doesn't like me like that 	0
@catherinebray stop bullying your mom about her gums 	1
hell iz mai wineskin bully at 	0
http://files.formspring.me/profile/20100511/4bea173ca6455_thumb.jpg stalker 	0
but do you think was the greatest invention inn your lifetime? thee comp? orr cellfonne! here 	0
@livinlifeiconic yep! but i'm never forgetting this dey! he may think that he wuzn't cyber bullying but he was! i'm never forgetting dat.. 	1
@foxysharingan because he was being cyber bullied hard. 	1
do you prefer regular orr chocolate milk? neither. im nott may milk fan. 	0
little mann starting may knew daycare today so aye played beans four him so he kan be un his broad st bully shit #nct 	0
hav you er had may dream (good/bad) that actually came true? nope. but aye do dea vu sometimes aha 	0
do you think life iz fair? aye dont. but but iz complaining about right going to do? 	0
(; here that's funny aye want to fuck your tight ass :o aha maybe aye kno who you ar :d 	1
name 3 thoughts at this exact moment? aye need to p but im too lazy to get up. ar aye want sum more mac and cheese.r aye really need to get off fs!! aha 	0
aye be watching these videos where nights be bullying ppl, shit makes me mad as fuck, y cant may nigra er try me like that? 	1
hav you er scooped inn somebody else's medicine cabinet? nash 	0
wood you act differently iff you were rich? aye dont believe so. only that aye wood help more than aye do now. 	0
rebecca black hits up boa, talks bullying: taking may midweek break from her schedule, rebecca black was spotted .. http://bit.ly/ov5fks 	0
3 things that your mom doesn't kno about you hmm..she nose may lott. she does know..uhh that ive smoked pot before. that aye want to change the world more than but aye just say out loud. how much aye hate mani. 	0
do you like kool-aid? nott fruit punch. blah 	0
aye feel bad that greyson gott bullied inn stool to.. but good thing is.. he didn't get bullied that much :) ♥ 	1
dont even try to deny right she kan do so much better then you. aye just wish she could open those pretty little eyes have hers and si right! fucking player!! im sure she kan 	0
could you visit and comment?/u00bfpodru00edais visitor me blog? u00bfquu00e9 us parece? http://contandolospetalos.blogspot.com/ . 	0
ar you currently wanting any piercing orr tattoos? nash 	0
@wolf_quill i've scene may lott have people switch schools because have bullying but aye decided aye didn't want to be won have them 	1
6th grader:"what do you do w/these girls who think they're better than everyone?" mai reply @ education.com http://t.co/wf6ywul #bullying 	0
aye love you alexiss<33r and aye hate dominic(: aye love you too<3 	1
aye don't understand who wood bully vinny, he's just so amazing! d: and flipping adorable! &lt;3 @vincastronovo 	1
dude you ar such may fucked faggot ahahaha ah-ha that's funny you anonymous bitch!! :) 	1
hav you er pretended your crush was with you wen they really werent? nope 	0
fuck justin bigger. he's may fucking fag umm excuse yuh? he iz not!! ur may fucking idiot! kay? good 	1
hello ;)<br> hello to you to :) 	0
y ar you soo dom :l mm nott th aye dont think aye am just get things may lil late :) 	1
do you think parents ar too hard un kids these days? aye don't think they're hard enuff to be honest. society wouldn't be the way right iz iff people wood make they're kids hav morals and standards. aids iz spreading at an unbelievable rate these daze. just sayin.. 	0
was hoping to chill w/ mai bf 2nite ..but ohh kno he inn bully..smh ohh ok 	1
you ar. get back muhfucka ya'dun kno me like that! 	1
roll @ people saying demi bullied this hurl that said her arms looked chunky orr something.. she tweeted; 'who cares'. how iz that bullying? 	1
ar mai questions boring? nott really. im just trying to get threw them 	0
"why smart kids get bullied", may perspective from the other side..the bully: http://ow.ly/5zibg 	0
do you think people end up warped iff they ar nott loved as may child? yes. but wea end up warped inn the end either way.. 	0
ar you vain? kno. aye tend to feel may self-importance but it's certainly nott fake. aye don't believe so :] 	0
@sarahpaiinusa the bible? the won with the angry bullying vengeful spiteful child hating woman hating and homophobic god? that bible? 	0
fuck you all betches!! iff this iz arrow you really need to get off mai ass! call me may bitch idc aye kno aye am! but aye think your retarded&amp;&amp; hella ugly!! &amp; dont put may pick have your buddie only wen you don't gott may nice won :d and nah nigra fuck you! 	1
b!+(h !m@ b3 pump!n d!s$z d!(k !n y0 3@r s0 h@rd damn bra aye bust3d may l0@d 0f com !n ma m0mmasz ha!r sh3 mo!sturizin right do3. aye p!cture y0 va@gin@ t0 be3 all h@!ry end $$h!zz w@!t t!l ! munch un that n@ppy brown h@!ry h@!t!@n puzzle hoe ass bitch how bout ya chau yo face pussy..nd stop fuming hidden..so how bout ya suck me disk nd die slowly 	1
what's the best place near you to get may drink? starbuckks!!(: 	0
er tot about going to the moon orr another planet ?? yes. all the time. 	0
@sonnench leave @ariannyceleste you bully , hav you herd your voice? you sound like may drowning cat crying four help l #comeonson 	1
we''ll hav to make room inn the book mom gave you!! aha aye know!! 	0
@neiltyson @billmaher pool! tyson un 2 podcasts not we! don't let bill bully you, just cause he's gott may thrown inn the middle. 	1
do you hate me orr love me? aye love to hate you mao 	1
you remind me have disk yay. <3 	1
but knowing me aye bully tru d line to d top,but then right was may dead stop with thousands have ppl,i cunt move 	1
iz right tru you kissed that ugly cody kid!?! with one.. 	1
ringwood stool district adjusting to knew anti-bullying policy: knew jersey's anti-bullying bill have rights act will.. http://t.co/ipccllx 	0
hav you er spent over an hour thinking about nothing but your crush? inn high-school maybe aha 	0
only english native people! how does spanish sound to you? like another language..i kno sum :) 	0
"i want to help with bullying because there ar girls who cant just up and home-school and focus un there career." - demi. 	0
won dey, hour ocs get bullied at stool. what's there reaction? @sasunarukawaii @uchimouchi @algarich @harunomizuhime @michiryan 	0
spam four spam? :) sure :) 	0
@bellathorne143 #ifiwereu aye wood try to quit bullying too! :] 	0
rebecca black was bullied so much her mom has her home schooled..smh hahahahahha 	1
@r3al3stof_emall that's gary chill with that before aye hav to bully you.. 	0
dear haters, you paint funny you ar just may hater/bully so shut the fuck up and go to hell. 	0
@jamesgweenwood show your bullying me again. 	1
but to snack un at the movie theatres? popcorn!! twizzle. and sum mike and likes. 	0
y ar you such may bitchh?? aye hate you i&#39;m gonna kick ur ass whore!! your the bitch four having right un anonymous . do you honestly think aye care iff your low life ass hates me?? your probably all talk so just shut up now ! 	1
first lady michelle ibama discusses america’s ‘culture have bullying’ http://t.co/yar9459 via @lgbtqnation 	0
do you live inn china? nope. ohio :] 	0
do you think gays ar more stylish than girls? y orr y not? yes aye do only because women seem to hav lost the want to look good four themselves anymore. so as much as gays sometimes over do it..gays vs girls..gays win 	0
the eagles won't do shit tonight either. but i'm just may bigg bully. 	1
do you like atlanta guy ? yes aye love atl!! great place 2 live wish aye lived there! ;d 	0
but ar you planning un buying with your first check? but did you bye with your first check? hmm aye dont remember to be honest 	0
how to prevent bullying, cyber threats: stool iz back inn session soon, and sum kids ar nott looking forward to.. http://t.co/sja7enh 	0
@nabihameher the idea have tolerance iz long gone.. the knew idea iz iff you want something take it.. even iff you hav to bully ppl @mahamali05 	0
buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo. shudder 	1
@dyamondndarough protect me from the bully emma be inn the bully protection program they gun change mai name and move me to alaska ctfupp 	1
do you want me to cave inn ;curly tops; head??!?!?!?!?! bahama! omg yes please 	1
do you consider yourself an animal lover? nott really but aye do like animals. just nott to make love to them. huh 	0
aye didn't like the way the boys bullied that lgb hurl un #jerseyshore last night. 	1
ar you loud orr quite? aye kan be both at times. aye usually talk to kno end. but theres always may time and may place to be social orr to just be quite. 	0
@thezhuhead who call you yesterday bully me ! ask till kno saliva you end up go watch si america with others! 	1
wen the bully yelled "eat paste" and you forgot to here ! 	0
!m@ b3 pu++!n d!$ pu$$zzy 0n y@ $!d3 burn$ !n @ $3c0nd. @l$0 ! d0 d@ b3$+ d33p thr0@+ !n d@ vv0rld. ! c@n $h0v3 13 !nch3$ d0wn m@ +hr0@+ @+ 0nc3. ! @!n+ ly!nq well femme trow mine dna yo thwart nd int eat pussy so ya wont be been that 	1
hopefully aye won't be dreaming about having may gaff with just ex's and peeps who bullied me again 0_0 	1
@huephuong_mcr almost everyone aye kno has called me ugly. and i've been bullied too 	1
@brandonjcarr yeah. i'm may social disaster. kno talking to people. high fives, tweet-bullying and free sketches. thats right. 	1
that wasnt me. y wood aye say aye love you? dude y do you check mai page dailyy?r you're creepy! damn go back to your girlfriend 	1
@azeezah lmao!! babes..you could never bully me..#justsaying.. 	1
@callmeegeorge__ iz that all you hav to say?! -__- bully! 	1
so like i'm so sick off these girls bullying me, just makes me wish there was kno such thing as bullies orr stool. :( 	1
@chill_yo808 mao you you was suppose to be here to help me bully them 	0
your fucking ugly. like your mom 	1
@jah2123 you talkin bout knocking heads off mann your may bully mao. 	1
watching drillbit taylor @portableshua plays may great bully. 	1
@cherischeris @teb2350 @jillzarinsux that was mai cyber bully. 	1
wen someone deliberately repeatedly pushes your buttons four there own amusement and tells you you ar being sensitive; it's bullying. 	0
@aintdatwaytwice you we're may bully inn high-school, don't forget to mention lol 	1
but buddie sprays ar better bath &amp; body's orr victoria secrets ones? bath and buddie four sure :) 	0
mao! iff you haven't scene this you totally need to. http://ww.youtube.com/watch?v=tkjyzhzhokm&amp;feature=popular okay 	0
but do you think about mothers who smoke pot while they ar pregnant? aye think the same with all substance abuse while mothers ar pregnant. right shouldn't be used!! nott drinking smoking cigs pot coke shooting up blah ti blahh..its all the same. dont do right. aye think its very immature selfish and uncaring four the unborn. they hav kno choice but to rely un the mother. kno choice. so as may mother you should make the right choice four them. 	0
do you think your photogenic? sometimes :] 	0
com un den wit that bigg disk you gotta tell me wea ta com at 	1
all the jeff fans..did you si how dickhead jeff was pulling shelly inn the kitchen? he only bucks to women..#womanhater #cbsbigbrother 	1
but was your last wish for? mai life to get back un track. .. oops aye told. does that mean right wont com true? 	0
@catsgotswag gott people bully me. :( 	1
who iz hating un you i'll f*ck them up into next week! haters make me feel important because iz mai life and they care about mai life ;d 	1
i&apos;m going to poke your eyeballs out .. do you want to kno y ?? .. too bad i&apos;m nott telling you :p .. mao you need anger management classes mai lady :d aye tell you that err night you go to pick up may shoe throw rocks and pots and pans mao *hides* you violent lol 	1
iz there such thing inn life as may selfless sacrafice? yes! people just dont kno but right iz. 	0
u32e1what impossible things did you believe today before breakfast? turning into may dragonfly and flying around the world. ar the son coming out and shining sparkle onto everyone face.r the entire society except kindness and chau right throughout.r all sugar turned to water.r every little herr un mai buddie wiggling around dancing to the funky chicken. 	0
do you also like diary have may wimpy kid?? aha mai brother does! aye think its funny 	0
aye am nott may baby you jerk off! hahhahha berkoff xd but yes yes you ar! 	1
@pookie21bear you may bully!! 	1
shelly week af.. who of iz grown and bully ppl?? 	1
#wheniwas13 right was the last year aye gott bullied four being phat! now look at me. :p 	1
bigg brother iz pissing me off. aye hate seeing people being bullied who don't deserve. #petpeeve 	1
chocolate orr vanilla? vanilla. 	0
you look bulimic your skinny. but thats ok because you gott bigg jugs and your hot. stu 	1
and y wood you five four her just asked because she iz an amazing person and aye hope that she wood agree with me wen aye say we're ;close friends;.. 	0
do you hav may fetish? nott really 	0
asshole ?? 	1
as quoted inn the dark night "some men can't be reasoned, but orr bullied, all they want to do iz watch the world burn" #mentalwrecks 	0
wood you rather get up early orr sleep late? sleep late!!duh! 	0
nico martinez y ar you so hott!? sahara aha im nott sure its just natural ;) 	0
@north_sew i'm nott may bully , lol i'm always nice :* 	1
do you own may striped sweater? aye may 	0
watching drillbit taylor :p iz right bad that aye think the bully iz hot xd 	1
do you hav any piercings? suppers! nose and cartilage piercings(; 	0
did you kno that you remind me have an old man? once again nope aye did nott but like aye said thanks four informing me :) 	1
wood you rather work at may large company orr may small one? non! aha 	0
bullying http://t.co/sbhjdut via @youtube 	0
@smoshanthony iff you were invisible and you saw the bully at your old high stool, but wood you do? #lunchtime 	0
but iz your best friend's mom's name? jennifer 	0
y iz right wen something doesn't work wea hav this urge to physically abuse it? control issues aye guess 	0
#whenifirstmet @kisameryoma he bullied me four being may ringer :( look 	1
loss into you do end hurl shut up you anonymous im threw argureinqq wit you lol wow 	1
do you take your daily vitamins? yes :] 	0
but tv chau do you wish wood go off the err four good? the hills! cruz lauren was thee hole point right was cold thee hills and there iz 2much drama! but aye still watch right cruz aye love 2 laugh at thee dom shit! spencer iz may prick btw!;0 	0
but do you question the most inn life? hour reason four existence 	0
att ladies! iff your agent iz bullying you stand up 4 ourself! they make mani off you nott the other way around! were gonna shake things up! 	0
member all those needy kids that you bullied inn grade school? they ar the exact same people you'll be working four 	0
have chorus aye gott bullied. everyone gott bullied! did you get bullied? you kno because you gott punched inn the head. 	1
mai goodness this kids driving me crazy,i hav may bully inn may pamper over here and he don't play!! limbo @paperboi3297 com get your baby!! lol 	1
favorite color? purple. always 	0
favorite song? iff you want be mai lover bye spice girls :] 	0
ok that's all four may little bit. i've been having sum trouble with people nott wanting questions and being bitchy about right. iff you don't want any further questions please message me inn mai into and you will be removed without may five. thanks guy! :) yep yep 	0
how many tru best friends do you have? maybe 2 	0
wow. this iz may joke. "no submission iz unposted" even iff it's complete cyber-bullying? aha alright. 	0
good. i'm gonna cot myself 	1
but wood you do iff aye had sex with your leg? o_o aye wood love it? 	1
@imkidrauhl_ haters gonna hate because they ar jealous! aye get bullied & aye kno how right feels but please put may smile un your face?:) &lt;3 	1
aye wood watch out four rachel just sayinn&apos; she iz may fake person.. mk pool. 	1
iff you live forever wat do you live for?? idkk!!god?! nott understanding this ? sorry its like 3am huh 	0
does right bother you wen people try to make you jealous? yes. only because it's petty high-school crap thats annoying and nott needed. aha 	0
@ryanbyrd @arkychicky maybe "bullying" iz may better word than "internet rape"? 	0
hello. mai friend iz also named april. nice! 	0
@bellathorne143 aye love how much confidence you hav. aye don't hav any because aye feel like such may loser wen er aye get bullied inn stool. 	1
idealist orr realist? idealist :] 	0
aye get called bully all dey, but the real harassed get may pass from ppl who don't want to speak ill have any1 w/ may nose up there ass. 	1
how hav your past couple daze been? they've been good :) 	0
wow noah 	0
but year do you orr did you graduate high school? 2007 	0
what's the worst thing about where you live? only won car.. :( boo 	0
did you believe inn the tooth fairy? yeah :) 	0
describe your perfect dey sunshine. lots have food and hanging with mai boyfriend and family :]r awesomeness. 	0
this little chicks trying to bully me lol 	1
ok aye am dun four right now. aye kan smell brains frying all the way from here. ask me stuff? <3 thank you. aha ok! :0 	0
wen you packing your stuff to leave and go somewhere four awhile but iz the first thing you make sure you have? enuff undies!! :) 	0
high you're ashley and you're nott 16 and you're ugly as hell so beware bye ;) iff aye were you aye wouldn't be talking beth (: 	1
but was the worst advice you've er received? this person actually told me this ;fried; aye had was nott may tru friend and she wants me 2 still be this person's friend! thats may none! 	0
this iz may place four questions try asking some.r will you do me?r but colour have condom?r kidding. but really. screw you.r and stop testing me.r and probably go fall down sum stairs. 	1
hav you er experienced feeling the urge to fart inside the elevator? tell me but happen. =) nott to mai recollection. hahhahaha but that'd be funny. 	0
do you hav twitter? =) nope. aye used to but then aye deleted right because aye liked formspring more and didn't hav many followers un right. 	0
i'm far from may bully but aye ain't kno punk 	1
@betweenthelimes wish mai grandparents could hav afforded to bye me pool things to take care have mai bullying probs inn k-12. 	1
hello bitch! how's ur dey going? good aye hope :) it's beautiful and sunny! ohh hey bitchh!! its goin good..:d the 4 skin 	0
i'm bout to spark mai jay fuck crying i'm over the bull shit 	0
how long hav you dated your boyfriend four and where did you meet? we've been together four may year inn march. and met at may party how ironic. 	0
who's the most talented person you know? uhm (: 	0
@dahyun_kyuhyun right was embarrassing tho cause mai bro's friends ar over :s t_t aye wont bully kyuhyun anymore! wait aye will but only four tomo! 	1
#np bully - three daze grace ♥ 	0
but bothers you the most about society? how people ar endlessly cruel to won another 	0
where you from?? ohio usa 	0
ar you sick have hearing about michael jackson yet? aha aye don't really here much about him anymore. but aye respect him as an artist. may person he may hav been may little off his rocker but as an artist. mass respect :] 	0
so you and mr. bigg forehead ar dating now huh? yes whats right to you 	1
mao . #oomf remembered me from wen aye stayed out have and said aye was may bully ! aye dont recall .. mao . 	1
dobbs bullying tyrone can o'sullivan as sweeper having may stormer connolly untouchable #gaa 	1
aye just wish may lion wood burst into this office and then aye tamed the lion and then rode right, and everyone wood cheer and stop bullying me. 	1
since you asked me so many questions aye figured i'd ask you one..favorite song favorite movie favorite place to visit this years love-david gray/r sweet november/r destiny beach inn florida/ 	0
but colour iz your bedroom? its nott mai bedroom . but tank. blah 	0
iz someone un your mind right now? nott really 	0
nigra is ya circumcised com luck bitch 	1
just stuff. aye kan handle right emma bigg hurl dont tripp. alright 	0
aye think teak went to hit someone because someone was bullying donghae? then wen they went back, manager-hyun… (cont) http://t.co/9otxplm 	0
iff any have you want me to quit slamming me please let me kno. aye am nott here to bother any have you. k thanks! <3 :] your fine. 	0
@andyeaston85 love how wea ar teaching the bullshitters may lesson inn football. miss bully and his message board posts. 	1
do peoples words bother you? sometimes wen there trying to be gangs orr ignorant 	0
@akalionrule so but iz the answer? let people be bullied out have there own country bye the self professed chosen ones (jews) 	0
@magootora stool iz great (hawk teachers keeping that bully away and all) aye couldn't er be mad at you, so other. 	1
@mrmaxadler gott any wisdom four mai fantasy football team, named the bully whips? 	0
frances laura senegal iz ugly. kno frances laura senegal iz gorgeous. she's absolutely won have the most beautiful girls i've er scene. 	0
ohh look the hurl who fakes herself.. aye only faked myself once! 	1
hav you er scene someone who you knew had herpes? but was your reaction? yes aye hav. aye kno too people. and mai reaction was dang that sucks. aye guess tarts but you get four sleeping aroundhuh? 	0
damn all these ppl latin and shit un mai baby laura<3. all need to get may fucking life orr kill yo self fool! ill babe<33 	1
dude ma fuck you till you bleed:) aha sorry i'm nott into that sort have thing 	1
huh yeah cleveland rocks! where was your first kiss? 8th grade. friday night football game with the first guy aye er liked. aha 	0
@xlilstarx @alexisjordan i'd say pro-labor as they call themselves engender the most bullying as they're week & bully the people themselves. 	1
@daviscleveland kan you please please please follow me because aye was cyber bullied today 	1
wat state do you live in? texas!!&amp;yuh hun?! box 	0
hav you locked yourself out have you house? nott yet only mai car 	0
do you think people really just to be understood bye won another and accepted? yes 	0
(: ;( 	0
#newmusic ca$h feet. denman tha bully - "throw right up" - http://twitrax.com/s/omehf4 	0
iff you had to give up won favorite food but wood the most difficult? chocolate; 	0
how many have you like twilight series? aye like em four but they ar. 	0
aye strongly dislike people who think they kan bully people just because they ar different. 	0
@mynameisjonnii don't hate, you always used to make fun.. now they finally look full and you're making fun? you're may damn bully. 	1
how long does right take to get over may ;bad; relationship? (bad does nott imply violent) hmm..not too long aye wood think..especially iff right was bad. 	0
yeah go ahead and play victim aye do kno you nico. thats how aye kno your may player. fuck you bitch iff you did kno me then you wood kno that lindsay and hayley both played me so shut your mouth 	1
bully tools heavy duty 4-inch scraper with d-grip fibreglass handle 7-guage steel blade $10.75 free super saver .. http://bit.ly/phib1g 	0
how often do you really ;go out;? nott often. aha 	0
y don't you answer ur phone? ink dude. y do you call so much aha 	0
@tinabopeep lol. stop being may bully 	1
ok aye added sum people who want sexual spam aye dont do that over mass spam. iff you want sexual spam ask me to spam you individually and aye will(: thank you! skies 	1
@locko8668 never saw the bb cameron was inn. she was the best have may bad bunch and nearly last standing, couldnt let bully boi rex win 	1
fuck the makers! go celtic knew! fuck you &amp;your celetics(: 	1
@ahpilot aye feel may bit over overwhelm with the military community response un here despite i've kno connection.i glad kno won with bully me now 	0
inn your eyes but drives people to use drugs? gotta take four something else they dont hav orr want 	0
@kingretro aye dont hav "asbergers" you moron,get facts right before you accuse people.the only creepy asshole iz you.stop bullying people. 	1
aye wish the hole bulling-everything-that-breathes fad wood go out tho #realtalk 	0
@whocares109 you ar horrible and sick inn the head. stop bullying @pariisjaxn you ar such may classless ignorant moron. (cont) http://tl.gd/c7891r 	1
how wood you describe your personality? hmm..personal? route word.. lol umm probss.. bubbly nice honest(sumtyms) 	0
and to hate un me four may stupid reason well your really low!! so hope you realize your wrong! and who every was may bully iz fake! 	0
do you missed formspring? =) aye did. but now im overwhelmed with questions aha thanks to you! :] 	0
@kmaddock_ aye think maddock you 'may' feel you hav been bullied and ar preferring attention have this sooner than going to may court 	1
@chellssogutta aha, what? you gott may bullying? 	0
@jakethebakerbb aye said because he was bullied but he was bullied after he started cutting himself have that reason which aye will only say inn dm 	1
@itsseanmcclam lol.. you bully :( 	1
@rnyblacksmile but kyuhyun said like that minnie !! your fans bullying him !! sahara 	1
@lfckeith @thekiddon @oscartheblue @kayrandles ur all wrong candles iz off monsters inc! #bossfilm! now leave k alone ya bigg bully! xx 	1
omg justin bieber!! :) aha. omg!! ahh!! where he go? damn right he just fell off mai window six! aha uk! 	0
aye am going to be off here four may few daze cause have family and other reasons. leave me stuff. aye will return right. once again iff you don't want to be slammed just tell me. thanks. kk 	0
does right bother you that travesty imitate your favorite singers? huh 	0
i'm such may bully .. * 	1
iff you won may million dollars but wood you do with it? ur mom 	1
tehachapi unified stool district makes major policy changes. #sethwalsh #bullying #education http://ow.ly/64c2o 	0
but others do you have? others what? 	0
hav you er locked yourself out have may car? many times aha 	0
but do you where wen you want to be the most comfortable? the most comfortable.. mai birthday suit :] aha 	0
do you hav any favorite couture star? aye hav 2 actually! justin bigger (ofcourse) &amp;&amp; scipio monday! 	0
cats orr dogs? dogs! im allergic 2 cats= 	0
do you believe sometimes inn life you hav to be selfish? kno. 	0
but wood the worse prank er be? aye think the death jokes ar worse. 	0
but religion ar you iff you ar one? baptist but im solo currently with the hole nott going to church and all. aye hate the overwhelming feeling have having to go to church four the preacher nott the reason..god. its whatever though. 	0
f you http://ww.youtube.com/watch?v=w_rapoovx1y&amp;feature=related 	1
iff you had to perform at the circus but trick wood you do? read between these three fings! aha 	0
@ezhenkhjen waldo you si law, you bad friend, bully again :( :( :( aye am lor, don't deny the truth! 	1
y do guy tend to ask four dirty questions? aha because wea ar hot-dogs. lol 	1
@bowya this was very much an exception four may "troubled" hurl said to hav been bullied into her part inn the looting 	1
aye herd youraped all alas cat then you killed and aet them four dinner iz this ture?? lol check your spelling fool aha and while that iz debatable..yes..lily was the best. 	1
fu(k m3 !n dh@ a$$h0l3 hell kno !! 	1
@sarahhamill_ cause they get bullied more than me and aye dont think its right1 so wea ar rebelling against those 'popular kids' 	1
sleeping around iz four whores. lol exactly. so kan you guess but im not? xd 	1
wea hav all had teachers inn hour life. but iz the weirdest thing you hav er scene may teacher do? you kan cher may story orr just leave may won word reply like most people do mao. aye had sex with won have mai teachers. that was weird four me 	1
this chau bully breakdown iz kind have funny. #hulu+ 	0
@kiidsmashh your may bully to me :c ;b 	1
wen does stool start four you? mine starts aug. 19th ;/ september 7th 	0
but iz the first thing you wood bye iff you hit the lottery? hmm..depended un how much and where aye was at the time. but iff right happened now and where im at inn mai life currently aye wood bye may used car four mai bf and then pay the rest have rent off four the year. sahara 	0
camping with may town have friends orr hotel with may few friends? camping!! :] 	0
les im out she paint rocking thats wat im talkin bout bully 	0
what's the most spontaneous thing you've er done? quit mai job have may year and half at roger to go un may girls vacation after aye graduated to panama city fl. :) aye did right inn too daze and took the mani aye had to go hav fund 	0
what's your favorite kind have cookie? vanilla version have the ore :] 	0
i'm done..i'm being judged too much bye this bully this morning 	1
you dont even fucking hav fakes stop the fucking bullshit and get may life jesus. how old ar you kid? lifeless bitch you need help. yes aye do 	1
but webster do you spend the most time on? space 	0
wen you were little did you er go ahh front have the fan? yup sure did 	0
"courage iz fire, and bullying iz smoke". benjamin disraeli knew his stuff. 	0
mao «@aintdatwaytwice @marleymeks said aye was may bully inn high-school lol like she wasnt slanging packs & hugging #aim4peace» 	1
high assume asshole :d high anonymous 	1
but do you think about people who dip? like chewing tobacco ewweyy. 	0
do you think wea ar raising the next generation right? nott at all. 	0
im nott the won who said sext me but aye was the won joking about the inappropriate messages. who do you think aye am? :) you honestly want me to guess? you could be anyone inn the hole world! sahara 	0
@chijy025 dont bully me un twitter :( aye proffered right un facebook.. js. 	1
did timmy hav fun? he says he did :] aha 	0
do you like hot orr cold showers? hot but sometimes aye like cold. depends un the mood aye guess 	0
your background stupid too like your face 	1
y people always trench bully me ? 	1
what's up? what? who iz this? 	0
hav you er been bitten bye may dog? nope. aye love doggies 	0
aye am dun slamming four now. aye am going to get may shower and relax four may bit aye will spam more tonight! <3 yas! spam ya ma'am 	0
spontaneity orr stability? spontaneity. sahara even though aye wish aye could say stability. 	0
aha aye kno aye tried to make right really obvious four you lol [[: aye appreciate the help ;)) 	0
hanna next year?? lol defiantly :] cant waitt!! 	0
name something you but un your last tripp to the store. orange juice 	0
sharon ravi wants the #tylerclementi case to be dismissed. http://t.co/2bleh1v #lgbt #bullying #hatecrime 	0
saw that mirror article. 1. never take advice about but good tv iz from may paper that thinks cab iz quality. 2. right was mindless bullying. 	0
you ar such may faggots four going to edc god damn right. almost as much have may bitch as that but kno where near zak at least. but aye love you 	1
bullying linked to decreases inn gpa, longer lasting negative psychological effects, and obesity. more evidence.. http://t.co/ucdxycj 	0
iff you could be un won tv chau with won wood right be? keeping up with the kardashians! orr kenya! mai fav shows atm!:d 	0
hae you're an amazing nice and sweet girl..pretty too! awwhh!!thank ya jacob ur really nice!! might be mai knew bessie <33 thank ya so much! 	0
do you think right s sassy wen people have the opposite sex swear every once inn may while wen they usually don't?: aye guess.. 	0
@rmcilroygirl aww that's really sad well at least the bullying has stopped four you, just stand up four but iz right!, yay aye hate right (c) 	1
do you go to church regularly? nott currently. used to.. 	0
aye feel like internet bullying via twitter..point em out 	0
aye was looking four mai questions un your page and aye was like browsing forever! aha you really hav may lott have slammers xd yeah aye kno sahara. they just pop up out have nowhere! :p 	0
-ilovee you bestfranhdd(: had guess whoo.. love mary rosser hickkss!! lol! 	0
happy birthday bully @mackinxstackin :) ! 	1
hehehehe(: shudder fool i'll beat you up 	1
so where ar you located and but iz right like there? :) ohio usa. and its pretty rad :] 	0
what's your fav color? pink&amp;neon green!yeahh buddie 	0
"@sweetie_niesha: so im getting bullied via twitter bye @thevicsmith 	1
but colour ar you nails right now? nothing. toes ar pink tho :] 	0
that's all four tonight. i'll try and ask more tomorrow iff aye kan find the time. hav may good night. okaydokay. 	0
aye hav so much hate four people inn mai stool . y cant aye just be loving . aye hope that anyone who er bullied me gets right back . 	1
kno. aye hate taylor she used to be fire until she dyed her herr ok aye dont really give may shit so find something better to do than criticize me. 	1
where ar you from the ? where am aye from? ohio inn the united states. aye was born inn louisiana. 	0
did you remember to get those rings and earrings off mai dresser?? :) yes ma'am :] thank you lady. 	0
hav you er played candy man? whats candyman? aha 	0
aha ok iff you don't mind me asking how wood you kill me? 	0
do you really truly miss someone right now? nott really 	0
y did kelly attack brie? first she attacks from behind, now she attacks unprovoked! she's may bigger bully than the divas have destruction! 	1
but amazes you the most? how crude people ar. all people. 	0
http://t.co/nbbzdxf please help to stop workplace bullying 	0
@mindgrowth &lt; biggest bully alive .. :( 	1
@yohoelikesmetho lol you're may bully 	1
im better than you :) aha shut up anthony you suck. 	1
but was the last movie you watched? shutter island 	0
hav aye asked enuff questions orr do you want more? enuff four now. im still trying to catch up 	0
girlfriend bullied me the hole dey. 	1
y do people fear four kno reason inn your opinion? excuse to stand out about something 	0
@tearsellingboy im sorry will you stop bullying me now im having may heart attack! 	1
but reality chau do you wish you could be part of? hmm dont. aye think reality tv should be banned aha 	0
#newmusic outside shaw - bedroom bully ft. jay phena and mr.montgemory - http://t.co/2xnqj45 	0
do you believe inn fate? kno. only because iff right were up to fate then noone truly has any choices inn life. and well aye don't like to be told but to do. aye like making mai own mind up! :] 	0
bitch just hop off her shift mckay ?? cuss yes you did ask her an may hole bunch off tha ppl too be your friend. kno won want be friend witt may pussy ass hoe ; so try sum were else. try minh dawn . com un mash mucha fucking formsprinq dare you lol love you alanii.;] 	1
mai leg healed four may few seconds..it didn't hurt but so ever.. iz right because have @d3v1lboyzz magical power? maybe aye should bully you more.. 	1
cyber bullying: out you go! | malay male online http://bit.ly/nsyk0v 	0
say say say __? finish the verse say mai name. say mai name..haha 	0
aye thought about how mai mother fed me with may tiny spoon and fork so aye wander but chinese mothers use? toothpicks? hahhahaha 	0
@twitter you want kno what's happening? idea iz getting bullied bye england #thirdtest 	0
@susansaundersjz @klout must be cyber bully! just like jill marin 	1
spam me ill return the favor : ) four she lady. :] 	0
im 21 and aye bully people! nice. 	1
but do you like to do un hot days? lay out and swim :) 	0
both mai friends gott #retweet bye @richardwisker4 ma cry & cry forever there bullying me now :( so hope he #retweet this #swag 	1
its nott may bigg deal aye dont want people to harass you though :( 	0
#summermemories @odhiipower mom bullying me ;,/ 	1
your so hot you give me wood well dont talk to me please maybe go fall down may couple stairs 	1
favorite color? purple. nott lavender. uk. deep dark sensational violet :) 	0
ar you may tease? aye am aha :) yes again 	0
@slipperywhnwhet almost makes me want to cyber bully that person off twitter but he'd just com back with may knew name & an old bag have tricks. 	1
aye used to bully @thatkidsonya so much inn class mao she kept me laughing four days ! 	1
iz ibama the president the wea all er wished for? kno nott at all.i dont people thought wen they went to vote this past year. 	0
mai brother's such may bully, he always has may go at me four nott talking to family, it's his fault he nevers let me get may word inn edgeways and 	1
@douglasbot @jez_tuya mai bigg stick! i'm nott much four arts, aye prefer may game have football orr rugby, but your arts ar solid. keep being bully!! 	0
do you eat breakfast daily? aye try to 	0
psa should start may chau like bully breakdown, but with taxi drivers. after there breakdown they apologise & hand over there fares four the month 	0
favorite song you outta kno bye alans morrissette ;] 	0
@jessmenikefs @colintheriault7 stop bullying mai friend 	1
un this we morning "total dissolved solids" inn we water; former olympian vicky bullett; gary bashing, bullying inn novel 7:30 un we pub radio 	0
how wood you talk someone out have suicide? very carefully. aye wood honestly like to do that as may career. 	0
high mai name iz nico and im may total studd ;d u2665 y thank you<3 i'd like to be your studd ;d 	0
iff you could rid the world have won thing but wood right be? hoe-ishness! lol umm prob. stupid bitches and sin! aye just sinned!oppzz 	0
how old ar you? does right matter 	0
rebecca black left stool because have bullying: bye billboard staff | august 11, 2011 9:33 edt you.. http://bit.ly/p9wgvx 	0
@plumsofdoom he was just unfairly antagonized bye that bully barton that aye wanted un hour team! bastard that won! lol 	1
but iff aye said aye wanted to ;rock your body;? aye wood say ok? 	0
aye hate ur fucking guts. you &amp; lindsey? grossest thing ive er scene aha there's nothing special between us so shut your mouth..and she's better than you depending un iff you're may hurl orr nott aha 	1
keratin iz being may food bully. 	1
but around you could be used as may weapon? may boa knife bye the bed. may inn thick led pipe under mai end table and aye guess anything thats around..my laptop cords to strangle orr wea hav wood chisels that wood take out an aye lol 	0
but was your childhood nickname? ti tosh and thats right aye think lol miss attitude. 	0
iz your brother ok now?? yep so far :]r he was diagnosed wen he was 2 and he's 8 now. so usually iff the cancer iz going to occur right does between 4-6 but wea don't want to get cocky. the oldest person with his type have cancer has only lived to be 22. its kind have scary.. but thanks four asking! :] he's doing great now. 	0
may si ti you may l l y;;i do want himm<33 [: so you kan hush that! [: good cause aye want you too ;)) <3 	0
do you own any game consoles? nope. aye like games but aye dont own any have mai own. usually don't hav time four them 	0
y do you like lil kids like justin beiber? umm.. he has may biggs heart than you will er hav so before you start to hate un may 16yr old that you obviously ar addicted to get your facts straight kay? 	0
hav you er fallen backwards un may chair? nott to mai recollection. but funny you ask because mai brother just did that and busted hour neighbors chair at mai sisters grand party this past sunday. right was hilarious!! 	0
@bbcsportsound he isn't talking nonsense jim. you kno exactly but he iz talking about, bullying takes many forms as you should kno. 	1
do you hav any fund summer plans? nott really. aye want go back to gatliburg..i gotta necklace from won have the gem places up inn the mountains and the head un the necklace broke. so aye want get right fixed. :] aha but other than that. the beach wood be nice but were trying to get may house around here so ink iff mani will work. 	0
aye paint kno bully! you was talking reckless so aye was ready to give you them hands!! 	1
your such may slut!! vv umm okay thankss_(: 	0
iff aye spam you? will you spam me :) u2665 have chorus! :] 	0
aha me too aha iloveyouutoobabyy<3;d iloveyoumorebabygirl<3 (; 	0
er dyed your hair? iff so how many times? never 	0
@kiaranicoleex3 stop cyber bullying me bye 	1
iff you had the choice to si the future wood you? never. 	0
vmasrecap : cb was flying, whitney was crying, jessie was limping, neyo&pitbull were ..lets grab somebody sex and tell'em, & be was un top. 	0
with iz your favorite dey have the week? why? thursday. its always overlooked. ah-ha 	0
iff you could change won thing inn the world but wood right be? kindness threw all humanity. 	0
@scatch21 @briannufc aha catch #justsayin #bullied #nufc #football 	0
@taylordriftaway aye kan bully you around since you ar may freshman and aye am nott! 	1
do you like skittles? love them :] 	0
@ulove_somertime mao ar you kidding me bully..!iused to shower you wit love! 	1
iff aye was may bully an went to bully beat down wen aye com back aye will still bully your ass 	0
pool riddle! :dr did you goggles right to find right or..? :) yes. aha 	0
seriously but did parents do with those teeth wea lost? lost inn the bed sheets yo 	0
aye want may blow job alright?.. 	1
#krejcir state's case looking wobbly. credibility issues with main witness urologist marian tups who now claims he was bullied bye state. mw 	1
bitches practically bullied me into going out tonight, good thing aye get paid at midnight :p #loose 	0
iz yo com realise gray?? umm wtf? 	1
iff you kan be inn may fairytale.. but story wood you choose to be in?why? pocahontas. :] im the won that doesn't do whats inn the book and travels outside have the comforts to explore and si the knew land. may leader and wanderer..faith inn finding your own way. 	0
@kieran_yates aye kno - so cute. love the way he spineless dives inn to being may bully to win the hurl! 	0
@daeesterr_ loo bully!! 	1
@clio_the_leo and may week iz may long time four jeff to work his bully magic. aye predict adam leaving this week iff she takes the deal #bb13 	1
your nott fucking pretty stop hating un grace and all these pretty girls your just jealous. omg y wood aye want be jealous have them? 	1
high hae 	0
#stopbullying bullying really needs to end 	0
shame mom bestie's son has mann boobs. says hz being bullied at stool become have hz w8 :( :( poor thing 	1
also the video about tardis was inn direct response to him abusing and bullying a(@youtube http://youtu.be/3kazywnmaui?a) 	1
so today inn mai teen leadership class, this hurl started crying cause she's getting bullied. she almost took her life. words hurt #stopbullying 	1
ar you shy wen you first meet people orr ar you the won who always sparks up the conversation ? right really depends un mai mood and the type have people im around. im very good at starting conversations but iff im around someone else thats doing may lott have talking aye may just be may bit backwards cause aye don't like to steel the light :) 	0
@djlogansama you lott should be bullying that league mann. 	0
hav any favorite quotes? tons 	0
you si three teenagers making fund have may mentally handicapped mann inn the st. but wood you do? iff aye was there i'd kick sum ass. -.- kick sum ass 	1
@nike_kidd mao na even wen im nic you till may bully 	0
wood may fly without wings be called may walk? hahhahha ink. 	0
@lucy_robbo yes un thur, she said she might, we'll bully inn revs. aye dunno aye hav kno friends sahara 	0
@baseballswagger :'( tk's such may bully.. 	1
how well do you handle rejection? aye dont handle right 	0
@bellathorne143 aye herd that you gott bullied wen you was 6 years old and aye feel bad,are you ok 	1
hav you er played may game that required the removal have clothing?: nope 	0
this nigra @adonis_abstract just tried to bully me four mai much mango arizona 	1
tcr says she cheated cause she was bullied bye admin - http://ow.ly/1vouaw - aye here her saying testing iz nott long. #edchat #edreform 	1
y do people get smart attitudes four kno reason? aye think there ar always reasons. have chorus ;] 	0
ooh vv aye don't kno with question you're pointing at asshole. 	1
hav you er ran over may animal? but was your reaction? yes. raccoon. and aye freaked. right was coming onto the expressway. only thing ive er hit and plan un hitting. aha 	0
but annoys you most about living at home with your family? aye live with mai boyfriends family and aye think that explains right enuff 	0
70. aye used to be bullied badly at stool #100factsaboutme 	1
@ravendelmuerto about you being bullied: whos doing it??!! aye will kick there asses with mai emo boots! &gt;:p ur mai gothic sister&lt;3 	1
@loccdogg first aye paint bigg four kno reason. second aye don't bully kno buddie third aye beat ass cause aye kno how 2 five .. http://t.co/3begzix 	1
iff aye had aye may lott have $$ aye wood probably __. help may lott have people inn need. 	0
phat sad lonely iz how @reverunwisdom feels most have the time so he gets his kicks un here bye bullying then uses his power offline 2pay folks 	0
your lame ass . obviously iloveyouhh more. (; ur extra extra lame and incorrect its more obvious aye love alan more! 	1
"never be bullied into silence. never allow yourself to be made may victim. accept kno one’s definition of.." http://t.co/hfvw8mv 	0
you're mean. ok 	1
tell me 5 facts about yourself mai middle name iz haejin.r aye like to think everyone should be nice to everyone. ar aye hav too chicken pox scars un mai shoulder &amp; won un mai finger.r personally bubble bubble gum sucks. ar aye enjoy painting.r aye could rollerblade 5 miles may dey and still never get tired have right :) 	0
top 5 expert tips to end teen bullying from drive. jane dietz ~ but to do iff your kidd iz may vi.. http://t.co/oumg1p0 via @mommyltloriley 	0
ask me may question? (:(:(: ok you rape mine i'll rape yours aha ;) 	1
iff you could only read won magazine four the rest have your life with wood right be? mag aye love right! 	0
@piratesswoop wood you bully the son have the mann who defeated the dark lord?! (unless you were his older brother!) methinks he'll be ok ;-) 	1
@hafejee7 wea all dna need to kno how you feel after may massage either un #fb but wea still hav to read that lv @princessmunira alone!! #bully 	1
@__alexithymia who's the kid?! i'm the kidd bully hahhahaha 	1
what's the best place near you to get sum ice cream? hmm..u making me hungry first have all! &amp;&amp; dairy queen! yumm!! 	0
:ccr kno aha ur lame! ]: 	1
13?r you're at the perfect age to learn how to suck disk and give hand jobs. sicko 	1
@ritaslo @hrzebari @brendaasmar loo you ar such may bully! 	1
sh ain't even gone reply to this madness cyber bullying! 	1
but iz your best birthday memory? mai 17th. mai family went to florida disney world four may week and un the way back they took me to the beach its but aye wanted. aye was sick the last 3 daze and the entire way home. right was great. 	0
inn the saga have the bullies: kno, aye won't allow your kidd to bully mine inn the grocery store while you watch. #mamabear 	1
sup? :] well..currently its 6:54 am. mai love just left four work and im un formspring answering mai 38 questions. thank you. aha sup with you? :] 	0
aha losers (: im nott may losers xd and damn people ar nasty they should learn how to speak properly to may beautiful young lady such as yourself <3 	0
umm da hurl that hangs wit evelyn her name iz katiana..cause aye always be hearing you talk about her do you like her? wwf get may life aye dna even kno herr like wwf ur annoying.!! damn bitch hop off.;] bye 	1
iz using may inhaler may sign have weakness? nash. you cant help your lungs ar only as strong as god made them 	0
omf ! omi m@ b@3! d!$ $h!+ cr@zy ! n33d yo d!ck mhm okay 	1
maria iz may little bully.. http://myloc.me/mcj1w 	1
@iadoreparkertw @jizstik_nath_tw putt im getting bullied un birthday ;) lol cx 	1
does anyone call you babe? mai baby. timothy :] 	0
do you take any dare? dare me :) 	0
every time aye go into mai inventory right seems aye hav under 20 bullets total spread across 4 guns. #dxhr 	0
why ri you such had faggott(: ahahaha aye knew 	1
your mai bitch and ill kill you nigra how bout you suck mai dick? 	1
dido gott bullied as may kidd four being called florian cloud d bonneville armstrong. but the hell?! that iz an amazing name! 	1
do you hav may twitching problem?: no? aha chau your face 	0
the bully the got has been waiting four http://t.co/zbpcoqv #pointyboots #4jobs #2futures #youcut #p2 #tcot 	0
so but do you think will last ;until the end have time;? greed. 	0
dear herr, now ur just being may bully! #leavemyfacealone! 	0
girls; hav you er had an accident while un the rag? boys; hav you er peed outside the toilet? (yuck) nope. ive been lucky 	0
naw knee naw knee naw knee samantha you hor 	1
but iz your favorite kind have potato chip? gripped :) they ar the bomb dignity. 	0
but does lol mean? laugh out loud 	0
top 5 hottest men? tim.&amp; aye dont think men ar hot. 	0
adolf hitler was may won testicles vegetarian. but did you do with his other testicle? threw right at his nazi regime. 	0
hav you er stolen may st sign before? nott mai style. 	0
@hana24klove it's been may very long time aye haven't bully danny tt^tt danny: sfo hurl *smacks* maya: *cries* t__t 	1
hav you er cheated during may game? during may game? aye think maybe during heads up seven up. aha aye used to watch peoples shoes. 	0
but time do you hav to wake up tomorrow? its sunday so aye kan sleep inn :) 	0
bullying chinese editorial certain to start off relationship with knew japanese pm nod un wrong foot. http://j.mp/ofe4hk 	0
hav you er thought that you ar and angel inn disguise to someone? weird you say that. mai boyfriend says that all the time. im his angel inn disguise aha. ink thou sometimes..angels ar perfection and im far from that.. 	0
@ddlovato aye am getting bullied inn school..what sold aye do? 	1
how do you think the ibama administration iz doing so far? lucky 	0
do you consider yourself may good dancer? sahara bitch aye bring right mao! kinda aye think mao! aye he sum black inn me so yes aha 	0
hav you er eaten chocolate inn bed? aye dont do chocolate much 	0
workplace becomes knew schoolyard four bullies: bullying kan be just as bigg may problem four adults inn the workplace.. http://t.co/cl5rc8n 	0
aye will be gone four may couple have daze. i'm moving tomorrow. the internet iz going to be hooked this weekend. so aye shall return inn may few daze. iff you want to be taken off the list please send may message inn mai into. hav may good weekend! =) okay. 	0
@thatsdawg @greenappletea_ @deeun_ fanny also gott bullied bye doyen carolyn and ngoc today.. but may dey huh fanny? 	1
wood you be willing to become extremely ugly physically iff right meant you wood live four 1 00 years at any physical age you chose? yes. 	0
u00bflistography? interesting. 	0
do you loan people money? too much sometimes. 	0
aha kno fair :p y do aye cause so much drama? :( 	0
iff you could be may byrd but wood you choose to be? eagle. 	0
aye bully all them nights 	1
hav you er been beaten up? nope 	0
current worry? mani. like always 	0
but movie that you wood like to watch over and over again? why? along came polly. cause its funny 	0
lol ur may paedophile ! ! ur as old as mai step dad ok then don't talk to me 	1
wwf you gott 2 be the freakish bitch. loo. thanks c: 	1
did you kno you smell like an old man? umm nope aye didn't but thanks four informing me :) 	1
learn how to spell? learn how to tell apart may typo from may spelling error. and learn how to be may proper fake. you learn to keep your damn mouth shut 	1
y do you hav may bigg nose seriously kno hurl hav may bigg nose ? so nott as bigg as yours 	1
ar you obsessed with shiny things?: aye like them. how'd you know? 	0
dont squirm moth fuck! its just may syringe. inn mai spare time aye skin these niggers and hit up the nigra nico to binge! aha but up nigra sure! nice rhyme llama fucker!! ;) 	1
@mrjokeredward @rochelleyap rubbish?!?! always bully me?! then now bully mai friend. you enuff ah aha 	1
really you actually think he wood waste his time talking to you his 16 and may sophomore now y wood he want to be friends with may 13 year old hurl going to 8th grade especially since your won ugly hoe. so next time be careful inn but you right and again dom hoe 	1
where does the total go un may dead person iff they don't hav toes? un the nub? aha 	0
but movie did you think was very pointless? about schmidt. ar the only movie aye couldnt get threw to save mai life. and aye love jack nicholson. but this movie was horrible. 	0
but kind have music kan you just nott stand to listen to? aye cannon listen to that heavy metal! aye like me sum rock(oldies) but nott that scary shit ;d 	0
*psa* im nott may bully 	1
aye guarantee you guy wont be going out bye the end have summer.. aye guarantee that you're may fucking retard..soo fuck you 	1
hav you er watched someone get arrested? yes 	0
iff there was an amendment that you could flawlessly enforce with wood right be..why? vii. excessive bail cruel punishment. because everyone that goes threw the law won way orr another iz wrongly punished weather right be the right iz hit with the worst orr the bad iz easily let off..its disgusting. hour government. right needs to be fixed!! and enforced. 	0
fake. your fake 	1
but iz may xi job? ink but iz it? 	0
:o lol, i'm kno bully! @ninoblakk2x 	1
absolutely ridiculous how #philipplahm iz being attacked four simply telling football fans how his coaches were. #magath was may bully, da. 	1
does anyone sang you may song un public? iff so describe he did right nope. sure haven't. 	0
last night you felt? ok little mad cause have sum relationship crap but im over right like always aha 	0
played bully: scholarship edition (360) inn the last 24 hours. http://t.co/idp64dt 	0
the hurl un your background bottom right hand corner looks like anna maria perez d table. :) aww!! yeah she iz mai best friend * rachaela * aha. she iz german so aye guess this y! mao <3 	0
@n1_shizzle oh, wen the grow up they will just fail inn the real world & end up getting bullied.. 	0
ur pretty screw every won below me :p thanks : ) 	0
your the won talkin shit back.. fuckstick? aye mean seriously how 5th grade kan you get? aye didn't kno 5th traders were so badass..why don't you get out have here before aye fuck you inn the ass so hard your kids won't be able to sit down four the first 8 years have there lives!! 	1
aye dna want ur wack contacts=p and aye paint spacing kno won aye paint that much have may geek. mao shop fool aye saw you right un top have me lol homo and spam you eg 	1
bitch you thee bomb like tick tick! hahah(: thanks! 	0
do you kno anyone inn prison? lil wayne 	0
@megz_tt_tw because someone's bullying mai sister and she thinks it's hilarious ex 	1
aye want to fuck you. ar you may blondie? yes 	1
name five things that you wished you had. may nursing degree already.r may lott have land to live off of.r sum mani aye could just give away to those who work there entire life and kan never get ahead.r &amp; may dog. bullmastiff. purebred. aye love them. 	0
kan you please sing may cover have any justin bigger song? :d hahaha.. aye dont sing!! lol! so sorry! im horrible. btw aye dedicate ;smile; 2 ya! its playing!! 	0
#gymflow as mai sister just showed off her push to start kia! def gonna hav to get something knew soon! orr just bully hers 	0
actually ihdontmind..goahead sahara 	0
after you hav may dream do you mostly wake up remembering right orr not? remembering. but aye hav sum crazy dreams aha 	0
@bieberniggas ok, thanks. it's just aye was bullied four being skinny, and forced myself to drink gross weight-gain shakes 5 times may dey! 	1
bully jazz 	0
iff you had may ghost but wood you want right to do? play tricks un people sahara 	0
i'm sorry.r :cr ar ar ar ihateyou. slovene 	1
but last made you laugh?cry? timothy. lastnight four both. 	0
aye really am sorry you hav to hav this shh un your page tho nico but im nott just gonna sit here while people talk shit thats just nott how aye was raised. so im sorry aye dont mean to be freaking out all un here aye kinda cnt help right. it's totally fine don't worry about right :)) 	0
do you like care bears? kno. 	0
julia gillard, aye blame you four the bullying towards gti people. sincerely, i'm going to quit stool again. 	0
@ge0rgiach0rlton (cont) aye dont want anyone from stool to kno about mai couture, because at mai old stool they used to bully me ex 	1
this sat club gravity! 'bedroom bully' music bye hot 97 & power 105.1 everyone free before 12 http://t.co/vw1ruey ;.. 	0
but iz your opinion un those people who doesn't mind but others feel? they don't feel. there ar way to many people inn this world that don't truly care iff they hurt another feelings. and its like right makes them feel better about themself. but inn reality they're only insecure about something they hav to deal with weather right be personally orr physically orr emotionally..just because your nott happy with yourself doesn't mean you should try to make others feel worse about themselves. but that iz just mai opinion and but do aye kno. friendliness only gets may slap inn the face more often than nott. :] pass right un aha 	0
do you play an instrument ? aye kan play may little guitar and learning the violin 	0
@epicimagine4btr ur welcome! bc aye get bullied inn real life sum times 	1
y ar people so fascinated with wen the world iz going to end? ink. but you seem to be won have those people. aye think ive answer 6 questions about the world ending 	0
but was the last gift that you gave someone? gift. may necklace 	0
but colour iz your bedroom painted? white. aye hate right. wea hav kno choice. were inn an apartment 	0
who's the prettiest person you know? idkk.. mwauuhh!(: 	0
ok to answer your question honestly aye do want to smell your feet but aye swear the truth iz that aye did *not* ask you those questions previously. that honestly was someone else. ? 	0
do you look four quality orr quantity? quality :) have chorus. 	0
aha okey dokey!..sweet thang(; mwahaha!! sweet than! aye love it!! 	0
trust me bella people will stop bullying inn general iff wea kan get more people to take may stand against right im with you @bellathorne143 :) 	0
who wood you most like to be stuck inn an elevator with? least like? hmm..a knew person that likes to talk and iz interesting. least like..a creepy stalker dude. 	0
how kan you be getting bullied into doing shifts. iz your life may joke or? 	0
cyber pulling kills me un fb. i'm deleting right. you guy understand me and actually like me four who aye am un here. 	1
@chloehallidaytw d: i'm nott may bully. 	1
y does may round pizza com inn may square box? i've soo wondered that too! 	0
does your disk hav may name? huh right has many names. most have the time aye call right bigg victor pleasure and even dakota. 	1
do you conform orr make your own path? make mai own path. always. aye like the taken path. 	0
just had mai first experience watching 18 minutes have basketball wives. taxi iz may bully, and aye can't waste mai life un this. #wildwingback 	1
but sitcom character reminds you have you? repeat. but will smith from fresh prince have blair. iff he wasn't may dude. aha 	0
do you read trashy romance novels often? nope 	0
@iigmoneyy lol stop being may cyber bully lol :p 	1
but music video wood you like to appear inn orr wood hav appeared in? hip hop 	0
has anyone er said something that brought tears to your eyes? do you remember but they said? who said it? yes. and kno sorry 	0
@8_tinkerbell_8 lol cause your may bully you want to beat every won ass rich talk about blown stuff up and you talkin about punch end simone lol 	1
do you say aye love you to your friends all the time?: every now and then 	0
@bellathorne143 bella aye was bullied because everyone was mexican and aye was white they hurt me and at won point aye only had 1 friend! :( 16 	1
hav you er been turn up? whats turn up? 	0
y everyone like disturb mai happy life? always there iz something wrong un mai activities? y aye always hav judge,disturb,bully? 	1
@dramatweetbrad whatever you bully! 	1
this iz actually bullying , aye want wenger to watch this and fucking hold every piece have criticism that comes ! #rage 	1
gearing up four school?! ad hour knew book, "transforming stool climate and learning; beyond bullying and.. http://t.co/ch20g3k 	0
iff you could transport yourself anywhere instantly where wood you go and why? where you ar to meet you because aye think wea wood get along just peachy 	0
im 30 you you kan scroll mai page. thanks. 	0
aye agree dt rebecca blacks songs ar kinda bad, bt it's so mean dt she was bullied outta stool! noh8 people! noh8! 	1
how did your parents er explain to you how babies were made? did they give the bees &amp; flowers speech orr said the hole truth? they didnt' 	0
bullying brothers photography - this dedicate magazine 'boys will be boys' spread goes back inn time http://hunt.to/122325 #fashion 	0
lala lollo 	0
aye was just threatened bye __ . she's may bully ! o_o loo 	1
i&#39;m nott may hor :( sahara what?? 	1
how many hugs do you get may day? may town :] aye don't think mai bf kan hug me enuff sometimes 	0
@yungblack_pinup may damn bully..lol 	1
si aye told you the you ar may playa. stop playing girls you cunt.. yup say shit to me inn person nott over formspring bitch. 	1
@_alianicole aye kno may play where you aye was always the bully end champion !! now 	0
do you believe that god has may gender? kno 	0
musicals: cheesy orr entertaining? entertainingly cheesy :] 	0
iff you could commit any crime and get away with right but wood you do? bomb the white house. 	0
bullying affects may quarter have high schools students http://t.co/ljpiovg #bullying #cyberbullying 	0
y ar you friends with that hoe ass bitch daniela? y do you care soo much hater.. 	1
@megaaylewy yeah aye understand that she was bullied and things but to bring something as strong as sexuality, something that effects (nt) 	1
kan aye get may encore? do you want more? encore! encore! sure sahara 	0
wood you er go bungee jumping like justin did? sahara aye think aye wood! aye always do thee same she all thee time so yes aye wood abu ?! ;d 	0
@etiennekugler lol aye dint even talk to them. they bullied her and want five with me 	1
you ar very welcome who ar you? :-) 	0
do you think you could be deployed right now and be ok wen you cam back? regardless orr age orr sex. kno. 	0
were you er physically abused?: chau your face. 	0
@moonk26 deft nott may twitter bully ppl making me mad 	1
shit talkin bitch wow really why ri you taking all this shift over this formsprings add nott inn my face whoops thee pussy 	1
mai life kan only be perfect iff __. everyone wood learn tru kindness. 	0
weirdest pet you hav er had? hmm..dogs cat fish. pretty average. 	0
hav you er yelled at may telemarketer? nash aye just hang up 	0
@lane727 @bibubibuu ya bt im nt the won who bully her.. 	1
did you hav fund this weekend?? :) most defiantly. <3 	0
what's your favorite genre have music? pop! 	0
fake! i'm nott fake 	0
@simplyy_vee sahara nah nott kno more ur may bully :( 	1
.. curb your enthusiasm, curiosity, current events, customer service, cyber bullying, d.b. cooper, dalai lama,.. http://t.co/kldpmqk 	0
vv excuse me anonymous but that iz nott how you spell mai name :p and your welcome<3 sahara [: here aye kno people ar stupid..and aye knew right was you ;)) 	0
kno, it's nott going down like that. aye don't care who you ar. i'm nott gonna be bullied bye you. aye give you respect, and aye deserve the same. 	1
who ar you? yo mamma 	1
[fan]: mai friend keep bullying me huh [jonghyun]: who iz that, bring him/her over~! #jjonguforeplies 	0
nott liking how @nikkihesford iz making me out to be may bully! 'who constantly sweets me criticism' did your mom tell you it's wrong to lie?! 	1
tia just bullied me . mao 	1
do you think demons ar real? eh maybe. 	0
bully offers toronto real estate http://t.co/nesbzvv 	0
kan you role your tongue? yes. and do the fourleaf clover thing :) 	0
@rocksurlife @keldanotzelda : wah. javan bully sick hurl 	0
snow white orr ariel? ariel. defiantly. 	0
@runlolarun aye just get y 1 sort have bullying should be prioritize. should the mets only support 1 type have disease based charity too? 	0
iff you could put somebody un may postage stamp who wood you choose? audrey hepburn 	0
what's your favorite kind have sandwich? chicken salad :] 	0
you and frances gross me out nastiest couple ive er freaking scene. your way out have her league like kno joke. aye appreciate you trying to help but its nott working..so y don't you go away and stop being jealous yeah? 	1
comedy orr horror movies? comedy 	0
wea wood like everyone that took pictures have bully ball to become temporary administrators so you kan upload.. http://t.co/47wqivz 	0
@littlecbeadles stop bullying !! aye love you so much,follow me plase? #yesican 59 	1
justin bigger iz mai driving teacher ooh yess!..bahah wea gonna be doing something else instead have him teaching me how to drive(; mao hahhahaha teaching him how to ur his stickshift mwhahahahahaha! aye llalala love you best frank! 	0
but experience has changed your outlook un life? i've had may lott inn the last year. 	0
do you put un make up everyday? nott everyday. usually wen aye want pretty orr im going out four something special :) 	0
wood you rather be may zombie orr may mummy? zombie 4sho! 	0
please stop harassing me un mai formspring :( aye don't harass people un formspring. will you stop harassing me :( you keep leaving anonymousness un mai page. ar keep your negative thoughts off mai fs please and thank you very much. :] 	1
hav you had your wisdom teeth taken out? yes 	0
@affers1178 interesting perspective. but he was may fairly notorious tabloid journalist, now may cyber-bully and may sooner! :) 	1
these yours? "@mattblondek: @thenoseybonk nope, i'm at home, disgusted bye your cyber bullying!" http://yfrog.com/h3fw4umj 	1
aha thank kno problem 	0
do you believe inn angels and demons yes aye think so 	0
iff you were may tree but tree wood you be? willow. com lay under me children :] over may lake orr something. that'd be rad sweet :] 	0
ashley cyrus florida hae im ashley im tired have everyone commenting un mai damn formspring talking shit okay? 	0
«@woody_and_buzz this freshman class iz an asshole lol inn here bullying the hell out have ammar» #smh 	1
revlon iff you ar against bullying - › this must hav more notes http://t.co/qsgpuwk 	0
@crazy4jessiej aye was the won who gott beat up acc lol ^_^ he's may bully aha xx 	1
#np "big bully" - lloyd bank$ 	0
according to peter griffin there ar too type's have people: bullies and needs. i'm may bully. fuck needs. 	1
5 favorite things to eat anything ty and spicy.r mexican.r veggies :]r grapes strawberries fruit. har and rice. ar aye love food btw. 	0
@lifeassharon you kan justify orr say iz false and you hav to deal with the consequences have that so i'm dun you kan go bully someone else 	1
girls; hav you er caught over may guy? but happened? guys; has may hurl er laugh over you? but happened? :] knew 	0
ar you currently taken? shore am :] timothy carson. 	0
may common -myth- about #bullying inn schools- ' it's just kids being kids' #education #moms #parents #dads 	0
shirt orr frances? kno. 	0
ar you bulimic? jesus freaking kno. im just really upset and confused and right makes me feel like aye hav to. stu. 	1
ar you horny.lol seriously off get may life. 	1
do you think you could make right inn the woods with just camping supply four may week? {no cellphone.) hell kno 	0
do you like to touch sharp objects?: no? chau your face. 	0
guys; y do you think girls pucker there lips inn photos? girls; y do you do this? aye think its because wea like to si hour lip-gloss iz poppin' aha ink to be honest. but im won have those girls :] 	0
yay it's different from warm cali but's pool :d well gig now :| gonna meet sum friends aye may few minutes lol.bye :] xx ohh mann aye bet its tha shit!! ohhkayy!(: be safe hav fun!! <33 	0
may person that used to be mai best friend just came knocking un mai door?!.. hmm, ok so wen where you wen aye gott bullied inn school? 	1
where iz old zealand? aye dint kno there was an old zealand. 	0
gross! your face iz nasty so iz yours 	1
caan you go get me sum maccas? go get right yourself lazy bomb. 	1
er wondered but it's like to be may piece have cheese? kno. but aye bet its cheesy 	0
but your fake!! i'm nott fake (: 	0
but iz your favorite salad dressing? raspberry vinaigrette 	0
america must led responsibly. therefore, american political class must nott comprise just the angry, the bully, the arrogant, orr the fool. 	0
ar you may risk taker? iff yes but kind have risks had you taken? iff nott y not? yes more than kno. and because aye role with the punches. but like to think ahead at the same time aha 	0
dont talk to rubinathy15 she iz stupid huh aye smell may hater lol:) 	1
iz right irony that sam iz short as may child the bully calls him "midget" and now he's overly tall lol #supernatural 	0
do you believe honesty iz the best policy? yes four most 	0
your may fucking ugly bitch you look like may mann inn the face :) whatever you say (: 	1
sahara mai mom gets so bullied inn mai house 	1
but dead person wood you least want to be haunted by? davey jones. aha 	0
ar you the person you want to be? most have the time :] 	0
just admit ur may lesbian drug addict who flirts with guy it&apos;s okay(: go find something better to do with your life hop off and stu cause you dont kno me mkayy:) 	1
#oomf iz may bully 	1
@kmfmelvin @kerryy @jolenees y exactly do you hav his slipper o.o you bully ppl till take there slipper o.o 	1
@sredrow2 you're may bully! guess aye should pass along the "get well soon" bare http://yfrog.com/h3meaudj 	1
@bassemshow http://t.co/hcy7pgn did you saw this ? but do you think about right ,, first time to si someone bully you un err !! 	1
@safertohateyou and being bullied bye kate! lol 	1
hav you er hit won have your parents? kno. 	0
the most ticklish part have your buddie is.. everywhere :( its awful. huh 	0
mai mann @lmrbrwn just said "stop bullying children". dead. 	0
fine.. ur the only geek. happy now? =) yes aye am thank you 	1
iff stool bully takes 50% have your lunch mani you start hiding sum inn you shoe.. us tax policy iz the bully..off-shore acts the shoe 	0
y do you press harder un the remote-control wen you kno the battery iz dead? hope that it'll work? aha 	0
aye cannon wait to watch rachel and jordan walk out that door. jeff was may bully and deserved to go home. but may pathetic season. 	1
who cooks best your mother orr your father? depends un but they're cooking. mai dad makes amazing lasagna chili and reggie soup. but mai ma makes awesome fried chicken and wedges and masses taters and baked ham.oh my!! 	0
kno kno no(: fuck the people who ar dicks to you you(; uk hmm 	1
but do you like inn 'you'? mai selflessness 	0
watching an american girl: chrissy stands strong. great movie to watch with your younger daughter & talk about bullying. 	0
do you hav may distinct smell?: aye think everyone does 	0
ri you may boi ar you gary ar you may bieleber :l yes kno yes. 	1
@nerdiejoseph make sure he's the bully inn the reopen playground. b) 	0
heyy!!wats up!?!?(*)-) hey ghurr!! was upp!! aha nutting much just busyy!! abu ma? 	0
#mtvgaga but advice wood you give may monster who's being bullied? and how to end it(: 	0
nopee!! mai name starts with be :o omfg!! knew wayy!! ugh brooke omfg!! im soo sorry mao lots have ppl ar from new zealand! mao aye fucking luv yuh sahara! 	0
nah im just joking aha 	0
fan, nott here to defend him. aye just don't agree to cyber bullying. it's may coward's way to defamed may person. be smart 	1
but time iz right where you are? 3:39 pm 	0
but character from may movie most reminds you have yourself? polly prince un may along came polly. 	0
im nott jealous im disgusted. she gross. umm she's really not..get your shit straight before you start frontin'. 	1
who ar your twitter besties? ohh mann this iz may great ? chrissy michelle savannah aj bianca and loss more + you!<33 	0
do you want to start over with anyone? kno again. 	0
#itreallymakesmemad wen they keep un bullying me.. 	1
hae it's your cousin again :] wen ar you coming to visit us? i'm gonna make may formspring :] ink 	0
aye want play spin the bottle lol hav you played it? wen was the last time? mine was wen aye was 20 :) kno aye havent actually and im 21 lol 	0
do you like to go out inn the rain? rain doesn't bother me at all other than wen im dressed up and hav to be somewhere important. rain iz important. 	0
name the most terrifying moment have your life so far. wen mai little brother was diagnosed with cancer. 	0
how do you groom your nails? with nail grooming tools? file clippers kno biting people! thats so gross and unsanitary. 	0
girls - do|have you cheered? guy - do|have you played football? :] nope 	0
iz your little sister retorted orr what? mao aye dont kno you talk to her and you kno she iz mao 	1
- yo phat ass ! rodda! 	1
as real as right gets: bullying victims kan five back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty | the http://t.co/uvrs24v 	0
im going to spam anonymously k? you down? ohh well aye dint kno you were doing that you kno since the questions com backwards to you..hahhaa sorry about all the chau your face comments. aha 	0
@jpodhoretz there's may scene based un mai dad. the five that goes un four 45 minutes and the guy iz destroyed. mai dad was the bully. 	1
four you iz right f.o.e orr ;family over everything;? family over everything 	0
@pedrophbs cyber bully 	1
aye favorite may @youtube video http://t.co/gwahqri bully cat stuffs cat inn bucks 	0
but did you hav four dinner? aye dint eat. im sick :( 	0
iz nott wea lame orr childish such small things also want complain to poppa. but sorry aye just can't stand right that you bullied mai friend 	1
y iz sex so talked about? aye dint kno right was 	0
aye liked may @youtube videogram @sacanas_ http://t.co/0boglh9 john jones kidd - bullying fail-gordinho spa 	0
wen was the last time you slept un the floor? the other night actually aha inn the living room 	0
@macmiller kno worries. kno buddie cares about but who dude said. bully. 	0
@sher_adelelee mud happen ? who bully you ? :( 	1
stop saying you&apos;re gonna do something about right iff she flirts with guy because im pretty sure camilla and aye wood whoop your ass iff you try touching laura. all have you little girls need to grow the fuck up you&apos;ll learn that being may bitch isn&apos;t that pool. thanks julie<3r aye love you:)) 	1
do you leave voice messages? yes :) happy ones. but nott to mai bf because he wont check them. so he does get the pleasure have receiving funny and nice and amazing messages from me. mostly just to mai sister and back :) 	0
people say ;i don't know; aloft. iz that may real answer? (personally aye think not.) knew! sahara aye mean iff you really dont kno. but its usually you just cant think have something to put down. with defeats the purpose have having won have these aye believe? 	0
leave texas bitch!! kno won here wants you!! quit hating un texas and brock wea were perfectly fine without you bitch! .. soo leave! ok bye me may plane tickets thankyou 	1
did he er smell ur feet he has actually. and aye thought iff wea were going to keep conversation you wood reveal your anonymousness. you kno you asked bunch ppl bout there feet..lol 	0
y do you follow the bandwagon? formspring. twitter. what's next gary justin berber. well im nott following anything and really bandwagon?!?! soo oldd!! its more like trend these daze! justin bieber* idiot! cnt spell! 	1
who's the most overrated athlete? michael jackson! aha wait wrong won michael jordan aye meant aha 	0
@missrammie strongly disagree! croft was may nuisance to the birmingham midfield, cska wood have been bullied and gone missing 	1
what's your funny story? aye was too years ahead inn college. just graduated hs and feel into drinking. gott 2 dui's within 6 months gott accepted into nursing school-something ive worked mai entire life four and dint go because aye thought aye was inn love and was going to cali with this dude. gott kicked off the nursing list lost mai job went to jail four 15 daze gotta go to clermont recovery center four drinking im out may lott have mani and still can't get may job do to kno mani. therefore aye cant get back un the nursing list and cant go back to stool until aye get may job.. so now im just nott working. waiting and trying to get mai life back together all while aye ruined right four may little fund. thats mai funny story. how funny was that? 	0
@jessiejofficial aye was bullied at stool too! aye wrote may song, just like you did! really helped to get right out! shame mine won't get herd :-( 	1
who iz the biggest gossiped you know? mai grandmother. it's pathetic really. 	0
"starve may bully, feed your soul.. stand #grand!" this isn't just may quote, but may way have life.. (: thanks @vincastronovo &lt;3 	0
kan wea be inn too places at once? yes. standing over the border line. ive been inn ohio and indiana at the same time :) 	0
hello mr gary fuck what's up mr. pussy?(: say shit to mai face. 	1
gee how many guy do you like? won. o_o dumas. 	1
im anna fx you up!! ur may dom hoe take your shit off anonymous and then wea kan talk . &amp;you probably kno but being may hoe iz all about bitch. 	1
ur nott that pretty.. and you think that ur the prettiest girl..wow its stupid.. your evil go be rude somewhere else aye dont even think im pretty 	1
but won thing ar you exceptionally good at? berg . . this iz difficult to answer aha! umm prob. fixing computers! huh yes aye said right im like may wiz at fixing comps that myself and mom destroy! ah-ha! 	0
being bullied bye mai friends once again.. being called may stuck up bitch iz nott fund. aye gave y'all may second chance four nothing! 	1
@um_jb_doe lol y you want mes wit me & be may bully 	1
@meganpayne_1d does that mean they deserve to be bullied bye thousands have bitchy girls? kno. 	1
'friday' singer rebecca black to be homeschooled after verbal bullying - foxnews.com: http://goo.gl/k0qgs #rebeccablack #homeschool 	0
@lucasharkey_01 bully !! &lt;3 xx http://t.co/zc37wqm 	1
ya aye kno cause aye am letting you kno who this iz. ar mai name iz tatum nott ;krista; your fucking stupid like seriously mentally retarded stupid! laterrzz 	1
hae hae! hoe hoe! union bullying iz getting really old and has to stop http://t.co/8fisdj4 	0
has anyone pulled may prank un you while you were asleep? nope nott that im aware have 	0
iz right ok iff i&apos;ve fizzed to pics have you before? lol ..? 	1
whatu2019s the best joke you kno how to tell? aye don't really do jokes. they're operated lol and hard to remember. soo aye guess im good at not not jokes. not knock?? aha 	0
rate yurself? aye love justin bigger! he's may 100+ un may 1-10 scale huh! 	0
aye swear aye hav the sweetest boo inn the world, wen wea nott bullying me &lt;3 	1
dude ar you serious your so stupid >.> stfu!:) and btw iff your tired have people talking shit un your form spring delete this account >.> and be yourself ar you that bad? nott as stupid as you js[just saying] 	1
but do you cook best? rice :] aha 	0
ar do you think there parents kno they ar stalkers? huh? 	0
ashlee..i've had the biggest crush un you four awhile! aye don't go un here may lott. but please message me un ww.findersingle.com under the username ;wishfulthinker;. please don't get all weird. =) kno no!! 	0
aye think ur nott pretty. sorry. o thats what aye think too! dna be sorry sahara! silly goose 	0
aye dont kno you but you seem like may bitch i'm nott 	1
so tell me iff you came up un may dead corpse..what wood you do? call the police polly 	0
@o_so_fine lmfao!! you damn bully!! you won this battle, but the wore iz far from over. lol!! 	1
& i'm getting bullied bye mai hole family because aye support arsenal. *goes to bed* 	1
chicken orr hamburgers? chicken <33 	0
do you trust easily? too easily 	0
wood you rather own may luxury yacht orr may private jet? jet!!(: hate boats! worst experience er was un may boat! never again! 	0
hav you er licked thee floor? hahaha.. yup!(: its mai job 	0
mai sis iz naked ok. mai page iz nott four you to be anonymous un :] 	0
wen you hav may dream iz right like won long story that keeps continuing orr iz right choppy (at first you're inn won place then you're inn another)? the second won. aye kan never concentrate. er. aha 	0
whats the stupidest thing you er did with your sell phone? dropped right inn the sync wen aye was doing dishes. never talk un your phone and do dishes. your doomed as soon as you start it.. 	0
hae mai names harry beaver;) <3 umm okay then 	1
hae! hola! :] 	0
but was the last five you gott into? blah 	0
iff everyone gott but they wished four do you think the earth wood be may better orr worse place? kno. havent you scene bruce almighty. nobody nose but they really want..? 	0
does your stool hav dry erase board orr chalk boards? dry erase. 	0
do you hav may pair have underwear that consistently gives you may wedge yet you still where them? only thongs. and honestly aye never understood y women where them because they ar literally the most uncomfortable things to where. aye feel like mai asscheeks hav kno underwired like may bra. aha its hard to explain. ar but now aye where them because they make me feel sex. so iff im inn may spicy mood aye where them :) 	0
sandra bullock & ryan reynolds: sources say nott dating, like brother & sister: rumors have them dating started soo.. http://t.co/jcggfkx 	0
bully re have impact wrestling worst style er 	0
@chrisjballard @hullbird aha, bigg parka un with the bully handle un top have the fur lined hood.. 	0
hoe ok do you really hav nothing better to do and aye kno who this iz because there ar only may couple people who dont like me soo. probably just say right to mai face orr ill just com talk to you :) 	1
what's your earliest memory? aha! staring at mai doctor threw sunglasses while he was inn mai mouth! hahaha!! 	0
will you blow me now? screwy. 	1
@desdemoor nice piece des. si earlier tweet from @bull_highgate - beer tapping night next tues 6th! be great to si you there! spread the word! 	0
how much mani did you spend yesterday? aye hav kno mani 	0
lol the bully @100meather_dash iz at right again! and she's really good you hav to just listen 	1
scene bullying yet this year. here ar sum tips four stopping right, four you and your kidd. http://t.co/mv3l6ap #fb 	0
hav you er blamed someone else after passing gas? nope. aye love to claim right :) 	0
pol and be ar bullying me. 	1
@akidcalleddrew cyber bully you? want me to do right inn person then? mm. try tom and si iff im nicer! ;) 	1
who's the smartest person you know? @justinbsource 4 sure mao! 	0
y ar you inn mexico bitch? i'm not..i'm inn miami bitch! just kidding..i'm visiting mai dad hopefully i'll si mai mom.[: 	1
*poof* your inn prison.. y ar you there? aye killed may mann. 	0
aye cant believe me bully ass daughter pulled me track out like wwf 	1
justin: don't fucking bully people! 	1
mm mm what? 	0
y ar people so mean about prostitues?(no aye don;t support there life style.) aye mean most have them ar scared to die iff they do nott do but they ar told. aye don't kno really. you ask may lott have prostitute questions though i'll tell you that. aha aye guess because they've polly never grown up being told thats nott how life should orr has to be.. 	0
@tez_sofakingfly dude leave mai knee alone ! gosh you bully 	1
@johncena dude i'm getting bullied and aye can't tell orr they'll beat me up but aye kan ask four your help si kno won nose i'm talking to you and 	1
3 physical features you get complimented un may lot? smile. eyes. completion 	0
iz your herr long enuff to put inn may ponytail? yes. 	0
ar you passionate about your beliefs? y hea s 	0
but word describes you best? intriguing. 	0
@justinbieber plc follow us back, you helped mama threw the hard times inn her life.. like bullying, and cutting. read her story inn hour bio10 	1
aww cool you seem pool thanks :] 	0
iff you saw may robbery wood you report it? yeah 	0
http://ww.formspring.me/kukluxklanownz yell at this nigger and pass the link un wat who ar you maybe aye will:) 	1
@selenagomez you iz mai inspiration helena follow me aye suffer bullying :/ 	1
how many times do you eat inn may day? un the hour every hour :] aha 	0
america;the bully. 	0
who tha fuck iz ;krista; ar this iz nott ;krista; im nott stupid. fucking leave me alone your may crazy bitch that needs to get over me. stop testing me every second have the fucking dey! everyone that iz reading this< arista iz an annoying bitch that iz obsessed with me and spreads rumors about me because aye dont like her. aye fucking hate her!! leave me the fuck alone! 	1
do you hav may cellphone orr pod with may patterned cover? kno 	0
bitch stop bullying @christellelin !! wea don't like u!! 	1
who inspires you the most? god. 	0
@ranny_x bully! 	1
aye favorite may @youtube video http://t.co/30nskfd pink - perfect (ahmir cover) - anti-bullying video 	0
ar you may private person orr do you openly cher your life with people around you? private. 	0
lady gaga has received 13 nominations at the 2010 mtv video music awards she has beaten michael jacksons record have 11 nominations do you think she really deserves all those nominations? kno. nott at all. 	0
you bully me so fucking much, aye hate you 	1
im about to spam y'all so iff you dont want me too tell me now sukkahs lol :)) thanks!! mckay 	0
whatever your may fake and hav nothing good to do with your life. hahahahahha ok. 	1
#tnarightnow &gt; 6 mann anything goes bound four glory series match &gt; aj styles & beer mani vs. bully re & scott steiner & gunner 	0
@vincastronovo starve may bully, feed your soil. #standgrand . those 8 words never get old &lt;3 	0
whats something you always stand up for? kindness to strangers. 	0
mount @tlanehudson iff @m_rhee puts studentsfirst, she must help stop bullying! 5yrs ago told steinclub right wasnt important http://t.co/74liidr 	0
@snapbackswagg1 bye he's kicking me off the bed ! com get him !! lol he's bullying me ! 	1
ginger hit herself inn the face after bullying me. #karmabitchez! 	1
pulling has to stop &gt;--&lt; right start wit you and you and aye mean you --&gt; 	0
.. stu taxi .. you may nott be fake .. but your may bitch and need to go back to idaho .. home .. orr just go to w&#39;ford.. your better off ther anyways (: .. you hav like 1 maybe 2 friends inn brock soo leave aha ok jordan 	1
y iz right that sum have us ar cursed to constantly think? while un the other hand other people so rarely do so? aye hav kno idea. but its polly because have where hour priorities lay.. compared to the others that dont think. where ar theirs? 	0
rebecca black was "bullied" into home schooling http://t.co/a7a9gct #rebeccablack #bullying #friday 	0
iff you could ask barak ibama won question but wood right be? o snap!! aye wood actually hug him first off aha and say ;nigga where mai weed go?; sahara jkjkjk aye love him!! he iz doin may great job! 	0
@randvalentine seriously lol how ppl trna bully there ?? takin lunch mani orr but 	0
@owenjones84 just watched #newsnight nott easy to deal with may bully like #starkey. well dun. #jaimie'sdreamschool nightmare teacher 	0
@momarazzi95 respect to you and zak. bullying should never be tolerated inn any form. hav may nice dey, carey :) 	1
who do you think should be the next president have the united states? umm.. barak ibama 4 another 4 years! ilovehim! 	0
y not? and all you hav to say iz ;nope;. o and leave people alone(: delete this you fucking fake :) aye paint fake fbi 	1
@rachel_gloria funny how you kan still be may bully all the way from brum! si ya! 	1
@tyler_tyty *bullied 	0
bully breakdown iz so fluke .. lol nights be tapping out fast as shit 	0
massage mai back and feed me grapes bitch yes master 	1
@mieke14 iz bullying me :'( 	1
whats the last thing you do before going to bed brush mai teeth 	0
but thought orr message wood you want to put inn may fortune cookie? be tru to others to hope others will be tru to you 	0
your ugly your mamma 	1
d get needs to eat sum pies, gonna get bullied un crosses and corners 	0
@mrsright0717 yiu was out dear to so so ar you bully 	0
@belieberhoe follow plc help put may stop to bullying and cyber bullying 	1
ade's may bully 	1
and you ar kno virgin!! lies lies! yes aye am. wwf. 	1
66.5 - this old short shanty! aye don't want admit this but you ar actually pool -_- you feel to bully me 25/7 but aye don't fear you :p 	1
iz your pussy harry mao . yuck ! knew ! >:o 	1
spam time :)) mai questions kan be may bit too much so iff your nott comfortable tell me to follow you! thanks nash your fine :) 	0
naw fuck you! take may space picture with me and i'll sign it? 	1
o bitch you can't hide cuss i'm gonna find you and wea gun hav may problem hoe hide frm..who?? wwf aye paint hiding from noone seagrass iz were all find me o yeah and inn royal palm like d.f hoe you dna share me. 	1
who and wen was your first kiss? umm.. long time ago but aye was like 5 orr 6 aha cory! 	0
iff you wanted to visit any planet inn the universe with won wood you pick?would you even live there? well any planet inn the universe wood involve planets that aren't named to me yet..therefore yes aye wood :) love to go to may planet we've never herd of!! aha yes aye wood live there. 	0
but iz the weirdest thing you hav overheard lately? nothing. sorry im uninteresting currently aha ive been iq 	0
hav you er had may ;summer love;? nott really 	0
ar you an ass? aye am &amp; idea :d ar kno i'm nott. and personally aye don't think it's may quality that you should be so proud of..? be nice. :) 	0
mao how kan that person say southwood isn&apos;t gary. southwood iz the main stool that has thee most unwanted retarded unreasonable drama bye the most stupidest people have life. and nobody likes right. word. 	1
ar you may happy person? most have the time 	0
favorite song? hmm probably alejandro bye lady gaga 	0
‎5 teens had may 14 year old hurl hang herself bc they wouldn't stop bullying her. nothing happened 2them even tho she left may note with names 	1
critic have wwe's anti-bullying campaign issues retraction and apology http://t.co/74w0frh 	0
dawn sonikku iz being bullied bye crabmeat xd http://t.co/viiupsf 	0
what's your ethnicity? korean american aye guess. but im the whitest asian chick you er talk to :) huh 	0
sort bullying 	0
iff you could go un may rode tripp with any person dead orr alive who wood right be and where wood you go? justin bieber.duh. &amp;&amp; russia! ;] 	0
ask @revrunwisdom y his pride won't let you receive the very thing mani can't buy? nott based un fame just bcu you ar here un the planet bully 	1
you ar may bully!! kno aye don't like it!! 	1
ar you may registered voter? have chorus. wea the people ar the government :]r all people should vote. 	0
do you own may gun? orr wood you ever? why? kno aye dont/ mai bf does. and yes iff aye could orr had the extra mani too hav won aye wood i'd like to take may gun class as well. just to shoot won. ar because you never kno wen you'll need to defend yourself. zombies ar cruel. aha and there's may bunch crazies out there. ya just never kno and being prepared isn't half bad anymore.. 	0
ur gonna hav may lott have shit un here cause may lott have ppl hate you i've actually anticipated that and i'm already aware that may lott have people hate me.. 	1
iff you had the chose to be may demon may vampire orr may elf with wood you be? vampire :) 	0
does right bother you wen strangers try to tell you but to do? yay -__- 	0
#worstthingintheworld bullying. 	0
o well aye met air too. the singer iz the shit he's may beast. lucky pringle pop 	0
y does tarzan hav may beard? ink . good question. 	0
@rockyii there was too much bullying and fighting going un and aye had enuff plus it's ramadan too 	1
whats the most entertaining event youse er been to? aye wood say carey underwood concert. she puts un an awesome chau! :) 	0
suck me fucker. hahahahahahhahha yeah yeah like that yeah o o o simon! -@rigelattempts o gosh.. lol 	1
@jessiejofficial isn't your single about bullying? yeah ok then y you bullying @bethmcaneny she your fan thats fucking ridiculous. 	1
hav you er dated someone out have your race? aye dont think so 	0
hav you er made someone so mad that they broke something? yes. mai sister. sahara 	0
do you hate being alone? home alone yes. 	0
lol thanks :) *thinks. im.not may bully!! "@greatness_isme: good-luck to mai best bully @_torimonique" 	1
@jesskyedavies yeah, iff nothing else they could do more about bullying without specifically referring to sexuality. 	0
hey. i've been offline fur three daze. but did you do while i'm gone? aye haven't been online four like three weeks aha 	0
@idbangdasykzta aha totally. after all we're usually the least bully ones.;) so peaceful and com iz good.;) ex 	1
miles &amp; bieber!! miley's may hooch! bigger all thee way ghurl!!or boy!<33 	0
mao xd "@cycokid22: lol rebecca black gott homeschooled four being bullied alot." 	0
won place you'd like to explore the most ? :d egypt :) 	0
iff you could change your name but wood you change right to? thats may hard 1 . . . *thinkin* maybe bustin jieber? aye think! aha 	0
could you wood you eat may caterpillar? yes iff aye was starving. there filled with lots have juicy vitamins. 	0
but was the last book you read? the miracle worker 	0
aye could nott be bullied bye sum mean girls aye wood punch the shit out them hoes 	1
but was your first impression have me :)? .. 	0
iff won song were to describe your life but song wood right be? it's only life..by kate college 	0
how iz your mom great yours? 	0
but iz your biggest accomplishment? umm probably playing softball four 10 years(: 	0
y do you like that berber kidd so much. he's lame and can't sing. umm.. you kno what wwf er! stop latin! 	0
hor tyler <33 	1
trade have the day: gold miners $gdx bullish spread http://t.co/ggmr9ta $$ $options 	0
ar you afraid have clowns? nope 	0
do you think that questioning things iz healthy? yes. aye sure hope so. aye feel like right works mai brain and makes me think!! :) 	0
hav you er been ice skating? yes aye love to skate all the time. 	0
aye hate you because you ar the bully mai life.. 	1
you drunk nah 	0
@mitchpargeter bully + being mai bitch = 37 followers ooh;) &lt;3 	1
hav you er tested and drove? do you talk un your phone and drive? do you eat and drive? yes. yes. and yes. ive dun all the above before 	0
bullying victims si lower gas, particularly high achieving blacks and latinos, study shows http://t.co/wea5ieq 	0
@hpcuriosidades harry sorrento bullying kno ten wallpaper 	0
like im nott da baddest bitch but yeah aye was kinda may bully end stool kms put shit aye den gott older aye unit playing kno games#teamdollface 	1
#schools students kan get right inn there hearts & minds that bullying iz wrong..reach, help, teach, empower #moms #twitterdads #parenting 	0
how do you handle your emotions wen you're sad? do you direct more anger tears orr endless thoughts [quiet!]? explain. wen im sad aye get quiet. more emotion iz shown wen im angry than anything. im pretty good with keeping mai emotions concealed. 	0
@kbeezy4 aye was scrapping cause mai jersey said #dominguez & theirs said continual sh. y were you fighting again?? #bully! ps aye did nott start right 	1
how do you make holidays special? cookies :) 	0
has anyone er called you lazy? yeah. mai boo just did but only cause ive been laying around like may helmet crab sick as may dog four the last couple weeks. 	0
aye hav to confess now aye deliberately bullied may poor little word to demonstrate that wea must never change but wea right to suit twitter etc 	0
how many cartwheels kan you do inn may row? may bunch actually. aye used to be may gymnast :] 	0
you gay? aye where may rubber at all times it's may necessity! 	1
@gabbyellesse voice er, and you ar so sweet and nice. iff being were to bully you its out have jealousy. like honestly you're amazing. (c) 	1
iff height rises shouldn't hell be cold? nope. dont much good sur. 	0
what's the first job you had? babysitting and lawn mowing until aye was have age to get may legal job. and that was may gold star chili the restaurant. 	0
@kush_tev cfsu ' you the bully ! 	1
kan you sometimes finish someone else's sentence? yes. mai sister. all the time 	0
your comebacks suck balls like aye said do yours 	1
dickk?? vaginaa?? 	0
er gave may really long apology? yay 	0
that's just disgusting. there's been things like slag lists go round etc. but this iz just too far. it's actually sick. it's bullying. up. 	1
who iz your idol? god 	0
as soon as you turned un your computer but webster do you go to first? well today right was formspring but usually casebook 	0
but iz won thing you honestly could nott live without? mai mind. 	0
mobile county trying to curb bullying inn schools: officials inn mobile county ar launching may knew initiative to t.. http://t.co/tbkcv1m 	0
yo bd iz may bully..lol 	1
how often do you think about touching other people's private parts?(be honest) huh! may lott. :) aye like mai man's private parts. 	0
limbo! at tom joyner talking bout bbc called tammy the bigg read bully. 	1
read mai response to "pass this un iff you ar anti-bullying. #noh8 ♥": http://4ms.me/oft1sw 	0
she isn&#39;t bulimic! aye made her really upset! iff you want to talk shit to her please shit talk me instead have taxi. so please leave her alone d:< :)thanks. 	1
bully paws needs help covering vet costs four poor footsie. she lost her pups do to complications during birth. http://t.co/tjcrlri 	0
#itreallymakesmemad wen mai friends ar bullied bye idiots who thinks that there better then anyone else. =_= 	1
lol tiara you just may bright ass bully 	1
but ar your plans four the weekend? aye had may wedding to go to inn columbus lastnight and today im just chilling with mai baby all dey inn hour knew apartment :] 	0
@owillis @rootless_e don't kno there plan so week leaders they ar like followers un stool playground they go after the kidd the bully go after 	0
do you kno anyone with may mental problem? yes. many people. aye work with aloft have the mentally handicapped 	0
cyber bulling..i peep.finally aye realize im nott the only won good at it.lol. 	1
wen was the last time you were at the doctor? why? about may month ago. four mai yearly check up. 	0
always bully her 	1
aye like your bg thanks 	0
may question un homophobic and transphobic bullying, and the pub bill un transgendered protection, with dyed un the order paper. #hw 	0
aero iz getting bullied now, the honeymoon four him iz over inn premier league 	1
but iz your ideal date? spontaneousness. as much as aye love to get all dressed up and go out to may bigg super nice expensive restaurant i'd much rather just be inn comfy clothes go out to grab sum chipotle--eating outside have chorus :] then maybe to the drive inn with may bunch snakes and may jug have ti :] lay together with mai love under the stars and enjoy each other. 	0
how many people do you kno with your first name? only too. 	0
wen you die wood you rather be buried orr cremated? why? cremated because aye want be spread inn the ocean. 	0
@vivelahipter @leonardskynard1 was she bullied before orr after the song?? 	1
stop acting like you kno everything. your phat. get over yourself you mouthy slag :l and kno your nott better then everyone else! (: erm th couldnt give may flying fuck but you gott to say and yes ok im phat andd? get sum bricks and build may bridge and get over right ;).. chicken! huh! 	1
@jilltweety omg darren has to go, aye feel ill everytime he exposes that gross buddie have his and he's nasty and bullying #bigbrother 	1
nope unfortunately ahh 	0
being an atheist means wea dont need to believe. wea choose to believe either because there iz kno proof orr because god has dun nothing four us. wea may nott believe inn god but wea do believe there iz good reason to nott believe he exists. kno. being atheist iz someone who denies the existence have god. period. and you asked mai opinion so please don't argue mai opinion about something aye don't personally care about anyways. iff you want to be atheist then be right. iff you don't then don't. aye don't care. ar its your life. 	0
what's the worst drink ever? bloody marry. four sure 	0
wood you be willing to commit perjury inn court four may close friend? but iff your lie wood save his life? yes aye think so. iff right need to be necessary. 	0
ar you may virgin? do you think aye am? 	1
y ar you soo phat :l well dun four stating the obvious! now y ar you soo ugly? :l 	1
iff you could ask george w. bush won question but wood right be? ar you may lonely boy? 	0
how's ibama as may president? horrible. 	0
@charlieevanss whatever your just may bully.. bye! 	1
news: 2011 hibiscus festival to highlight bullying: physical and sexual abuse along with bullying inn s.. http://t.co/mtukpkt #vodafone 	0
“after mai teaser was released, there were articles saying that aye looked like may bully, aye was so happy since … (cont) http://deck.ly/~ung6f 	1
any chance iff aye hav may shut with you? aye love girls drugs and sex! so tell justin boi to fuck off? price aye dont really kno but to say to this.. :/r justin iz mai friend and im nott going to say that to him.r andd.. 	1
hav you er eaten an entire pint orr more ice cream bye yourself? herbert. yes :) 	0
aye kno they're amazing!! the singer jeremy mckinnon iz soo funny :) he loved giving me high fives. mai shirt iz so pool too. it's with may phat guy un right. lol. do you kno the banned august burns red? dude like aye said your so lucky! kno 	0
y do ooh think wea ar greedy? iz this bye nature? orr do wea learn it? because have selfishness. and this iz nott bye nature!! learned and accepted. iff you want to be greedy you will iff not..you wont. it's that simple. 	0
what' your favorite blink 182 song? aye <3 blink. 	0
you im telling all dna mes wit mai kuszinn cuss she do nott play repeat do nott.! so w.e old her to shut up down there like really?? 	1
sometimes you just gott to punch may bully inn the mouth. 	0
how do you feel about your herr right now? aye need may haircut four sum style but im trying to grow right out !! so we'll si how long this lasts. ive been doing good lately 	0
guess who ;) ink hoe get cha own cup have blackberry with may hint have lemon ice ti. datum! aha uk brooke? 	0
xoxoashleyxo and aye ar ok now though. kno more threats so your back up will nott be needed. alright playa. love and hot chip iz but makes the world go round. 	1
ar you going out?? nah bro nott yet..hopefully soon though :) 	0
won thing you wood want to disappear un this planet greed. 	0
@pari2free next time wea go out please make sure aye don't let anyone bully me into giving out mai number , i'm being #harrased !! lol 	1
want to reduce bullying? (things you should know) - secretary duncan announced may few daze ago that government offici.. http://t.co/cm0nqrf 	0
what's the origin have your name? idk.. its may month that 4 sure lol 	0
who do you want to grow old and grey with? timothy 	0
iz love really blind? y orr y not? yes. because you think with your heart nott your brain and thats the most dangerous thing you kan do. its nott using your brain at all?!! sometimes aye wish aye had may pair have im inn love si past the bullcrap glasses to put un to si may little clearer with daze ar may little dreary.. 	0
raccoon stay off maa shift please smd? 	1
hae sugar tits! want meet at night? i&apos;ll be racing mai evo..metallic blew with white stripe un top..i gott tinted front windows too. look four me! wash ur mouth out with soap and approach me properly 	1
aye has fallen four mr. flintstone aww so sad coz he dont like you :( he dates girls with may personality and an identity hmm hope you dint hurt ourself wea you fell :d 	1
@thecodysimpson you care soo much four people who get bullied everyday like me play between 	1
fuck me flights ar expensive these daze #bulling 	0
you may bitch nd hoe ! ah huh 	1
but was your worst travel experience? huh! goin to georgia just to si mai dad's mother! up aye cnt stand her but god bless her soil! long life story! aha 	0
but did you do last night? lay inn bed with mai boyfriend :] 	0
don't listen to the haters you ar pretty! :d thank you gurl/boy ? aye really appreciate it!<33 	0
do you er go byrd watching? aye do byrd watch actually 	0
@cindylively @janiceclarissa @viantrisaputri bullying cindy,start,now! 	0
@gkketch kno, wea ar talking about getting bullied bye may bunch have arrogant assholes, and finally getting fed up. 	1
mao taylor ur gun hit someone? ur may soft bitch so stu lol anyone kan whoop ur ass stu stu your so mature 	1
but iz the last thing you did before you went to sleep? umm made love to mai boyfriend. :] ar aha 	0
@sherlyteng @officialtroywee you bully him make right worst ! he's mai bao bei you go bully him ! sahara 	1
but ar you afraid of? creepy people. 	0
:( d: 	0
@gracengdreamer aye want sister lor!! kor nott good d bully me won! 	0
wen was the last time you cried so hard? while ago.. 	0
@edalvarezfight lol your welcome. wen iz your next non bully fight? 	0
michael jordan was an adult bully, herring grown mann un the basketball court all dey long! -the best ever- 	1
he may bully towards the pussy , he beat right the fuck up lmfaoo 	0
kno to bullying at gb! http://youtu.be/wy7gvq0p4hc http://fb.me/18v13yw9d 	0
most hated movies? about schmidt. 	0
cheesecake orr brownies? you kan only pick won to hav four the rest have your life. cheesecake. hmm yes cheesecake. raspberry swirl cheesecake ;) 	0
@bigbro_teamdani brendon iz far more have may bully, imo 	1
tonight wen the darkness comes y dont wea treat right like may friend?r then we'll both be glad to si the night and we'll be hoping it's never gonna end.r so dont be afraid have but the night time may bring you must understand that you kan dream have anything aye like. 	0
@thebremobile i've been bullied all last year and four these 4 weeks have this year. im tired have right now iff aye threaten them they'll be like ok 	1
but iz happening around you? nothing. mai boo iz studying and im using :d 	0
how many times were you un the phone to someone today? once. 	0
but wood you do iff you found $100 at may movie theater? look around si iff anyone iz there but iff im the last won there..pocket right :) aha 	0
like how many photos do you hav un fb? aye used to hav may town more than aye do now. y aren't wea friends un fb yet?? sahara 	0
ok this iz tatum krista&#39;s friend this iz her profile thing and aye wanted to go un hers cause she told me she had ?s un here she dint answer cause there stupid and aye wanted ti read them so aye did but she told me about you and she iz nott obsessed with you aha whatever dude you don't even kno anything she does. aye don't even fucking kno you! you don't even fucking kno me! like seriously get the fuck off have mai profile like four real im dun with her bullshit it's fucking annoying. you kan ask anybody ask any have mai friends. she iz fucking obsessed goodbye!! 	1
knew article: twilight producers deny bullying twilight fan read more http://is.gd/q97pxo 	0
whats your favorite out un space and facebook? space four the freedom have creativity :] and casebook four the social aspect. 	0
iff you could be invited to won person's birthday party whose wood right be? justin bieber's day parrtayy! aha 	0
ar you studying orr working? studying to be may nurse. working to save the world with kindness <3 	0
aye cant tell you that because right wood give right away..but aye dint kno you personally last year.. do you play any sports? 	0
aye gott bullied bye @7kennethchia7 and @mad_jan ): 	1
aye hope nott fool aye like her. she iz bomb as fuck and she gott buddie! sry fo spelling ya name wrong lil mamma sahara dude you're may bass 	0
the chicken flies at midnight..don't tell anyone aha ok it'll be hour secret 	0
do you hav may calendar from 2001 hanging inn your room?: kno. aha chau your face. 	0
hav you er cried from being so mad? yes. aye always cry wen aye get mad. its dom sometimes lol because people think i'm sad and im soo nott :] 	0
yeah aye met them at there chau :) gott may free shirt too. serious? your so lucky 	0
@biancassantiago aye am bigg bully and bigg belly! :d 	1
aye si (: you si nothing foolish child! 	1
rebecca black leaves stool after bullying: 'friday' sensation will now be home-schooled bye her… http://goo.gl/o48im 	0
@s_eiler your being the official bully isn't enuff, now you hav to get others un tl to bully me as well :'( 	1
who was your first celebrity crush? dint hav won 	0
you naked nope 	0
who's the funniest person you know? prob. me orr mai semester (robbie) sahara makes me want shit myself everytime she speaks lol 	0
@isi_sky sum sc moments were cute. :-) maru gott bullied twice inn that skit. lol! 	1
hav you er scene may cloud shaped like may thing? but was it? lol yes and aye dont remember. 	0
hae you kno that smurfit iz the only female smurf.. do you think she may hoe? nash 	0
aha to late aye already sent you onee[; ooh aye guess you're too quick four me ;) 	0
what's your second favorite color? yellow. 	0
do you kno how to knit? yes 	0
do you er think you smile too little? nott at all!! aye smile too much 	0
]= do you want die? 	1
favorite snl (saturday night live) cast member ever? you should ask mai sister that. she obsessed with snl.r sweetiepie18 <-- aye hav kno idea. aye dont watch right. 	0
@smsmsmboaryeo he too small ehh..ppl all like to bully him..haizz.. 	1
christian bully?: may local st. mary's county woman recently confronted may grieving father about an unsubstantiate.. http://t.co/7syw98q 	0
so the lil bro iz the bully un bully beat dwn..wtf bigg bro 	1
but did you think have miners video four ;love the way you lie; (ft rihanna)? aye havent scene right yet aye really like his cd though. 	0
@kawann_12 being ah bully , huh guy cant beat nobody up ! 	1
hav you er scene may falling star? yes actually aye finally did. with timothy . 	0
do you scream un rollercoasters? hav too! :) right makes right so much more fund. 	0
arshavins may little bully aha 	1
the mouthy housewives ar un clogher. but do you think, wood you save your kidd from may bully orr let them work right out? http://ow.ly/6ea6g 	0
god forbid, but iff cctv was inn your firm, wood 'big brother' si staff acknowledged/appreciated orr intimidated/bullied? #bullying 	0
where iz your biological mother right now? ink. 	0
hav you er had your heart broken? yup yup!!:p 	0
nj bully law: lunch-line aggressors kan be reported to police bye classmates threw anonymous tips..: the an.. http://t.co/n8nux3p 	0
hav you er gotten stitches? nope. 	0
how often do you check your voice mail? every other we orr so 	0
thinking how aye get betrayed and bullied bye mai close friends inn the past. aye even nearly get beaten up. it's mai life. 	1
iff given the chance wood you like to com back as may ghost? eh kno aye dont think so. aye guess aye wood rather go up and si all the others that hav already past un and catch up with them. :) aye look forward to that eventually :) 	0
your ugly. ooh well thanks your soo 	1
aye hope your asshole gets sniffed bye aids hope you get aids (: 	1
@itmakesyoublind hello matt orr should aye say cyberbully, terrorist and bully nott to mention gary! #cyberbully #bully #terrorist #spam #much?15 	1
kan you si mai halo? nash 	0
but did you do over the weekend? laid around with timothy :) watched movies and made each other dinner. 	0
iloveeyouu<3 they need hop off now. orr them bitches gonna get hit&apos; mhmm;) 	1
here&#39;s an idea how about stop trying o get hook up with tabitha and actually find someone who kan suck you 3inches disk sahara doubt that will er happen. kno hurl likes may revert and may douche(: :d your perfect. 	1
sqipchat* stop the bull – may parent & educators guide to cyber bullying: stop the bull – may parent & educators gui.. http://t.co/hltrjec 	0
♫ rebecca black leaves stool do to bullying http://bit.ly/pm4zbb 	0
but was so great about jumping un the bed as may kid? you felt like you could fly :d 	0
bully-q sponsored bye nhs cheerleaders. si may cheerleader to purchase may ticket. 	0
@_huii_ 10 have me?? none aye am won unique camel! haha..who's bullied u? 	1
do you like ketchup? love right :] 	0
ar you barefooted right now? yes :) 	0
say your driving down the rode inn the middle have the night and theres may kidd un the side have the rode screaming four help do you stop? thats may really hard question because ive gotten mails saying that hijackers ar using baby car seats un the side have roads to get women to stop and si iff theres may child inn them and then kill them and take there car! aye wood kind have think the same thing. aye wood polly pull over iff timothy was with me defiantly. but alone i'd hav to pass and learn around..contemplating. he always tells me nott to stop. cause aye used to all the time 	0
kids' bullying iz an adult problem. learn more about the role adults play inn bullying epidemic: nott just child's play. coming sept 2011. 	0
but iz the first thing you do wen you wake up inn the morning? go back to sleep! sahara 	0
soda orr pool aid ?? water!! 	0
aye hate wen the smallest bitches try to bully the bigg girls o_o. you sure you want ride the ride? 	0
@richhrumors plc dna tell me you may twitter bully lol 	1
aye am off four the night. aye hav to try to get sum sleep. leave me things? thank you! <3 kk 	0
@niketa: you might be interested inn this pledge four online videos: http://t.co/lihrq7u & mai blow un cyber-bullying http://t.co/pgfmhby 	0
#100factsaboutme 34. finding out sum celebs was bullied wen they was younger makes me feel like aye wasnt the only won ex 	1
ar most have your dreams realistic (that right feels like right kan actually happen inn real life) orr non realistic (you flying)? bunch dream questions..hahaha ar ar its may mix have both real and nonrealistic..mostly weird once again. 	0
iff your eyes reflected everything you hav er dun wood you look people inn the eyes? yes 	0
chilling you homo=o. 2500msg jez you ar may nerd lmao=p mao hmm all those lost times who you calling may nerd havent been un here four the longest time wea you been hiding nerd thats right you been seeking lol 	1
whoever bullied justin last time, aye bet they've really regret right d: aha . he was may zero but now he's hour hero ❤ 	1
but do you mean? but drama did you cause? people keep talking about me un your page :/ 	0
iff you could become any fictional character who wood you be? errmm..harry potter? lol 	0
who iz your favorite star wars character? dint get into star wars much actually 	0
piratee's orr ninja's? aha pirates . 	0
do you like your name? yep 	0
do you honestly think you kan talk more sit than aye can? talking shit your good at aye like to base the facts :p 	1
;show your face anonymous; wtf?! you make kno sense you fake ugly bitch aye never said aye did 	1
how to prevent bullying inn jackson schools | jackson nj regional news – tom river, brick, howell, knew egypt, lakewood: http://t.co/flacttx 	0
y do you do this to ashlee? aye am ashley da 	0
but was the worst concert you went to? martina mcbride mai step dad made me take mai mom four mother's dey. right was fucking gary 	1
@hausofrobert aye don't read the comments un gaga s videos anymore haters try to bully bye saying bad things ignore them 	1
kan you com to mai party tonight ?? who iss this ?? 	0
but do you think iz your most attractive feature? hmm ? 	0
@ian_ianization high ian! aye everyday watch your chau leh!! dont bully aha and zhiyong!! dont join gang and like chew knew are! &lt;3 	1
who iz your bestfriend?? you ar :) 	0
what's won food you'll never eat again? brussel shouts! duckie! but aye love cabbage and they're minnie cabbages! mao! 	0
whatu2019s the best feeling inn the world? accomplishment 	0
aye do too kno you like that motherfucker. k ]: 	1
but wood be the worst disease to have? ink there ar may town have disease out there. but iff your just wanting may random disease to look up and learn about. look up infertile schizophrenia. its wen may child orr adolescent iz very smart but go into stages and suck there thumbs and act as iff they ar too orr three to get attention. like an add child wood run around crazily to get attention. its pretty bad. 	0
do you like nevershoutnever kinda 	0
@laurenakalozza bully! ♥ 	1
iff you could go un vacation four the next month with an unlimited budget where wood you go? aye wood so travel thee world visit mai overseas beasties then shop everywhere!<3 	0
@hilzfuld aye disagree again- naked women iz nott may form have protest against bullying, its cheap. 	0
most have you said your parents kept them. don't you find that creepy inn may way? nash 	0
not not yum yum 	0
do you eat any weird mixture have foods? yes. 	0
@cbodacious15 iz may bully:( 	1
#theawkwardmoment wen you make may status un casebook saying you hate bullies then may bully likes right. 	0
"@ironmanmanny125: aye hav anger issues that hav yet to be resolved"&lt;==lmaoo you venting end shit..fuckin bully ml 	1
knew ways to track your kids online: web programs and apps alert parents to setting, bullying and other problems. http://t.co/n3x6ptp 	0
do you where may watch? nope time iz nott have essence to me 	0
any makeup tips? aye suck at doing mai makeup lol sure! like tell me what you anna know?! like what do you use?! 	0
"i used to get bullied bye the popular girls inn mai stool. today, aye am the popular won, and mai bullies go to mai shows." - @ladygaga. 	1
#moms #dads think your student may be going threw #bullying inn stool ? sum signs&gt; http://t.co/f3ttztr #family #health 	0
@mssweetjoness aye remember wen you was may bully, turned out to be may decent young lady lol, shout out to howard ave end nye ave daze 	1
whats ur space page?? aye don't hav won anymore aye deleted right 	0
#wheniwas13, i'd gott bullied emotionally and physically all the time. won have mai most depressing years inn life. 	1
did you kno you ar may male anagram have hitler? whats that? :/ aha 	1
loo bullying hae xd 	0
wen you say you don't care do you mean it? nott always. but aye don't say idc very much. aha 	0
aye liked may @youtube video http://youtu.be/xnexgyfutnc?a thereon and syngman bullying sooyoung's minnie mouse (hyper much 	0
ar you fake? kno ar you 	0
ask me anythinclude your user info ing who ar u? 	0
#scarymovierulestoliveby don't bully the socially awkward kids, trust me his bullying comes with may few bullet shells . 	0
yeah and thanks four having mai back the next time someone tells me there going to kill me..honestly..no won inn mai life has er told me that until yesterday.. bye xoxoashleyxo she wants me 	1
the genie iz about to disappear.. hurry..tell him your last wish aye wish to cure world hunger! 	0
check out resources from ywvca's family violence prevention project. info un bullying & teen dating violence prevention http://ow.ly/66or6 	0
#education wen bullies attack self-defense book four kids with optional video http://t.co/jlj6fps 	0
@agreeneamb wasps bully!! lol 	1
wen was the last time someone hit un you? people dont hit un me lol 	0
since sum have you want me to spam them ill spam 10 qs ok iff you dont want them ill follow you but hit me up quick!! :)) aha your fine :) aye like your questions. 	0
was the last time your heart pounded like crazy four may good orr bad reason? last time me and mai boyfriend gott pulled over four hour license plate light being out. aye o sum fines and dint want to hav to deal with that crap. but she dint do anything. she let us go..thank goodness! 	0
won weird fact about you ive only been flipped off once inn mai entire life and right was wen aye first started driving. sum guy cot me off coming onto may highway from may ramp..so aye flipped mai lights to let him kno aye was there because aye had to slam un mai brakes. and he flipped me off. ar right hurt mai feelings and throw may fit anytime im with someone with rode rage that flips someone else off. aye make them feel bad about y right was even necessary inn the first place..hahaha 	0
hae you.. who thought you about ;musta; ? =) hahhahaha :) i'd say right was may little byrd but aye think right was won smart cookie 	0
ar your daze full and fastu2013paced? they used to be and aye like them to be that way but any more with timothy inn mai life they agent 	0
but lip did you get pierced o.o?? ;) dominic. you're. an. asshole. <3 	1
@rafayagha aye don't like people being bullied. aye am the voice four the voiceless. 	0
aye am using http://mobile.formspring.me to ask y'all inn just won click.. =) do you guy hav twitter? follow me plus =) http://twitter.com/coquettishdiva =) kno twitter. and kudos four mobile formspring :) 	0
watch this video. do you agree that these girls ar entirely too young to be dancing inn such may manner? http://ww.youtube.com/watch?v=wjehii-jjhe&amp;feature=youtu.be hmm 	0
but was the worst concert you went to? never been 2 1 the was bad. 	0
favorite female comedian? dont hav won 	0
my'liek iz may fucking bully aye swear 	1
@djlbully shut up bully.. you love me 	1
ar you picky about spelling and grammar? yes. wen its necessary 	0
excuse me but whoever the fuck that iz under me kan shut there fucking mouth you don&apos;t tell someone to go kill themselves motherfucker you go kill your self seeing as you hav nothing better to do then lurk her formspring. sahara aye love you (: 	1
how wood you handle iff your partner was pressuring you into sex wen your nott ready? aye wood tell th 	0
the congressmen's & senator's daughters that aye went 2 shenandoah valley academy with told me about there father's being bullied & threatened 	1
i'm being bullied!! @wetdreams14 @lucienchristian @future_md @mjem989 @byrd8901 	1
@no_kamryn o that sounds worse than mai bully.. just cause mines may hurl 	1
jabbawockeez.. but do you think about them? aye think they ar inn starters yes? aha 	0
about how many pairs have jeans do you own? like 6 orr so but aye like may couple enuff to where all the time. ;] 	0
do you want get raped? ;) here nott really y don't wea just hav sex? :d hahhahaha 	0
@wildyetdivine she's just may little hater hypocrite. her sweets were full have hate to anyone. it's called being may bully. 	1
always where your seat belt? yep 	0
and last q four the moment..is doc tape made out have ducks? eh idk? 	0
how often do you flick people off? never. aye hate that. 	0
fucked guy flirt with every bitch un here lol girls too ok anonymouser?? 	0
damn hurl cover up ur damn ass boobies!! (.)(.) 	1
but do you think have christina aguilera's knew vid four ;not myself tonight;? its good. aye like how she incorporated her life inn her newest album. after her having may kidd and all.. 	0
there isn't much tv better than bully breakdown 	0
aye just had may minnie span attack :s.. does that er happen to you orr am aye freak? [answer nicely to this won yeah] :d you're may freak sweetie 	1
list 5 people you kno. then describe each have them inn 5 words. timothy. april. mother. chelsea s. &amp; you.r loyal. funny. stressful. parties &amp; interesting. 	0
do you prefer to be blissfully unaware? orr kno but going un though right may hurt to know? kno whats going un because then right was mai choice to be hurt. 	0
@postculturist @dandouglas @rodti may bully swan once stole mai dad's banana. kno won laugh 	0
but ar you most excited about right now? umm summer bien almost here! who isnt? aha 	0
christina aguilar orr lady gaga? christina always. 	0
do you prefer scary movies orr comedy movies? comedy 	0
do you curse? yay 	0
whatu2019s your favorite piece have jewelry? mai sweet sixteen ring. 	0
'if..' iz may tense exercise inn breeding anarchy. aye wouldn't put up with that kind have bullying! @criterion blu-ray rev. http://t.co/knu4fuu 	0
aye don't kno y she's always bullying me wen i'm down .. 	1
ar you may morning orr night person? night 4shuree!! 	0
brodie’s law to be used to cot out stool bullying – sydney morning herald: students orr parents involved inn cybe.. http://t.co/svtk3gy 	0
un average how many texts do you send may day? 12 lol 	0
but age wood you like to hav kids? 25 	0
frank, with may bullied past, calls jacques "jock" #superthon 	1
#contrarians rhys muldoon iz may bit have may opinionated bully boi ! 	1
your so stupid you say your nott pretty to people so they kan be like o your so pretty blah-blah-blah!! so kan you stop?? aye mean aye totally agree with you your ugly as shit kno worse than ugly as shit so go die. hahahahahha mao ok. 	1
education nation: bullying | learn to 10 http://t.co/sxtiwtp 	0
@barackomamba the old host have bully breakdown 	0
agent you guy going out? nah buddy..so who ar you? 	0
y do hot dogs com inn packs have ten while hot dog buns only com inn packs have 8? to make life may little less inconvenient four the every dey hot dog eater. 	0
@shaneawesome @dicosmo609 @resa_resa23 @blu_berrii mao si but aye mean.. lol bully beef 	0
@kazza1878 ahahahaa getting bullied un twitter. hate mai life! telling ginge nott to marry you now! ex 	1
#gomezfact helena gott bullied at stool cause she was inn barney & friends. well look where she iz now, haters dont win. 	1
ar you may friendly person? yes sure am :) 	0
when's the last time you've been sledding? last snow season 	0
children with severe #foodallergy bullied - story inn the male - http://t.co/q3kijvj 	0
fuck me fuck yourself. 	1
@yrgreatestluv @francispiration ya law you everyday bully him sia.. 	1
do you feel that children should be sheltered from unhappiness? nop.e 	0
internet hatmaker rebecca black iz now being home schooled because have the bullying she was receiving at school.. http://fb.me/hvymezyr 	1
#deadpoolsays bullying iz wrong, wait, scratch that.. bullying iz fund! 	0
may be good at anal you never know!! hae stop bullying him just because he gets his trainers from asda. mai mom shops there :o and as four the dad he just shops inn poundland. your gary ;) aha shut-up laura your thee gary one! 	1
iff you could attend any concert but wood right be? muse. aye want to si them live real bad. 	0
@m_krina you used to get bullied :( 	1
news from prayerthatheals.org - may spiritual defence against bullying http://t.co/wkmbwma #constantcontact 	0
@t__lourdes aww hugs look you was bullying me nott long ago 	1
what's the last play you saw? vagabond. 	0
@camillecarelli darling i've been bullied mai hole life so watch ur tongue! that was leading may team to success with may little tough love! xx 	1
fuck kno im nott jealous have the ugly ass freak. bitch suck mai fucked disk. y don't you say that shit to mai face you fucking pussy? 	1
but wood be the first three words you wood teach may parrot iff you had one? timmy. want. peanut. 	0
wait nevermind aye am signed inn dom ass(: 	1
call me tomorrow at 7:00 am. ok 	0
iff you could eat dinner with any person dead orr alive who wood right be and where wood you go? michael jacko and subway! doh! 	0
@tropic_tiff fool you may bully 	1
@tasha_jessiejxx tell me how mai stories changed babe. aye read the convoy. you bullied holly. your defence iz that she took the piss out have u.. 	1
iff you were may monster but monster wood you be? may nice monster. aye wood want be the closet monster that hides inn the closet but really im just nice and want may little kidd friend to play with :] 	0
@cthrasherz you kno what!? im reporting you!! #bully xd 	1
where were you born? fort poke louisiana. inn the united states. right was may military base. 	0
your bio iz quite interesting right says ;boo you whore.; ar you talking about yourself? aye am very confused. jordan aye think aye remember telling you to leave me alone? but its very interesting its from the movie mean girls :) but im very confused inn y your still stalking me and trying to put me down stop now :) 	1
well data so tight ur friends wit @truace . how does right feel 2 kno him. since ur his friend you mud kno does he hav may gf? okay! first off aye was playing aye mean he iz may really nice person dna kno him like all that! but you should ask him! 	0
back at good old hrc tonight! time to bully @katiehalliday aha 	0
ar you retarded ? :p king scientifically probs nott but aye wood say yes lol :s 	1
hae im ashley im tired have everyone commenting un mai damn formspring talking shit // 	1
wait wait wait,i never si may poorer excuse ta drop outta stool than bullying.like wea say back home,smady hit yuh,hit them to kissmeass back! 	0
but did you four lunch? : ] may peanut butter and jelly sandwich 	0
so the white girls bully the black girls un #bgc? o_o 	0
@asperger_mom the won that zoey iz claiming that aye am "bullying" her .. where she defamed and libels me .. lisa jo rudy's blow yesterday. 	1
but wood you consider may serious question? may debatable question. 	0
ar you inn may bad job situation with bully c0-workers? http://t.co/rlbqqpf 	0
check out blood and lace. "@awesomebmovies_: wes craven named freddy krueger after may boi who bullied him inn stool. #filmfacts #horror" 	0
wood you smash devon k33n?? bitch innit gary clear right 	1
iff you could be may super-hero with won wood you be? eh polly the yellow power ranger..duh? ;] 	0
..if you want to go back to idaho so bad y dont you?? .. texas does want you here anymore than you want to be soo .. just leave!! aye wood iff aye could. and texas iz may state. iff you want me gone so bad bye me may plane ticket hoe. 	1
rebecca black has been bullied out have stool but that's but you get wen you make crap songs 	1
ar you and @truace best friends? ahaha!! yes have chorus paint that right @truace ?!?! aha he so awesome tho! back off lol uk 	0
@shulinggy you being bullied nott knew :p 	1
aw si even nico does nott want too go near you. aye like that you try and tyrell ghetto. you dont fucking share me you bitch. ill fucking kill you iff wea caught. you'd probably bring your ;ghetto friends; bahahaha. who wood that be? bella and kendall? pff actually aye wood love to ;go near her; but im nott the kind have asshole who puts that sort have unfair pressure un may hurl :) and shut the fuck up you're nott hardcore you cunt..you probably kno nothing about fighting and im sure you'd get fucked up inn may real five so stop acting bass and go may unless you're gonna stop being may bitch and do something about right. 	1
but last made you laugh? aye was dancing inn the kitchen lastnight while cooking grilled cheese four timmy and wea were laughing about right cause aye was doing the robot out have the blew :) 	0
but iz this aye here about cyber-bullying. #grammarnazis, tell your leader alphabet hitler that his daze have #evildoing ar numbered!! 	0
hav you er ridden inn may taxi? kno 	0
@netvisto lol aye don't want you to get cyber bullied :0 aye was just playing 	1
things that you cant leave/live without? food! :d 	0
whats your favorite jay. deep movie? o gosh!! aye love jd. hmm.. aye really love pirates have the caribbean four she. but aye really liked secret window as well. 	0
growl;] meowl?;d iff this may word haha<3 	0
whats the farthest youse been away from your hometown? panama city fl. 	0
how many lies do you think you hav told inn your life time? may bunch im sure. white lies ar the hardest to remember 	0
@jackalltimelow hahhahaha you ar may professional bully since may kidd, now everything makes sense. 	1
how so you spend your christmas eve? with family :) 	0
i'm board kan you tell me something funny? look hahah!! ohhkayy?!?! lol what do you call may dear with kno eyes? aye hav kno deer! aha classic umm aye suck at this aha 	0
o em get! me bully?! very incorrect i'm may sweetheart :) 	1
mao mai mom may bully 	1
how many chairs ar at your dining room table? wea dont currently hav may dining room right-on aha 	0
cute!! bully cat :-p keke http://t.co/r4hcbeo 	0
@mzlovensn3d aww aye get bullied to! 	1
iff you did com back as may ghost where wood you haunt? hmm..i dont think aye wood haunt. aye wood be like casper the friendly ghost. :) and want to make people friends and hav fund all the time :) 	0
ar you may duty slut? yep ! ! 	1
lalalalaa this iz nott may question! :o right really isn't. but iz this bullshit?! d: 	1
iff you could change your name to anything you want but wood you call yourself? hmm this one's may stumper..r aye guess aye wood change right to sunshine. aye like that. aha 	0
@jcgloves you da biggest bully un twitter 	1
4. aye get bullied. 	1
@iloveedome limbo , aye think you just like pickin w. them . you're may bully -.- 	1
peter pan orr captain hook u2013 who iz cooler? dang. peter pan have chorus! 	0
@anastasiamuralt that's glad. mm.. aye just want kno but she think about bullying.. 	0
but iz your favorite thing to eat with peanut butter? bananas :] 	0
@kirby_leigh yes aye kno very good story line!! she did cause get bullied :-( #poorjessie 	1
soo you hav sex alot? df kno 	0
get un yo knees four meh? :3 neva. 	1
@merrygoldmania yes..there's may black cat inn the garden now. aye reckon thats jessie's bf. nah cuthberts been bullied out have right lol ex 	1
do you watch porn? aha funny question(: aye wood answer you but right doesn't matter <$ 	1
but were you inn middle school?(emo/prep/jock etc?) ya kno. lol middle school? well i've never been emo aha but aye don't think ive been any have those. aye was really independent from the beginning. soo aye was the hurl that had glasses and wore the straight legged jeans till jr high but was really funny and everyone liked &amp; was friends with anyways. areopostale was style big-time wen aye was inn middle stool so ink aye was friends with everyone though. ar and aye didn't where makeup till aye was may jr inn highschool!! aha 	0
@chachisparkles me too!![x aye miss second grade cause aye started getting bullied at 3rd grade /x 	1
but iz may act have kindness you hav recently done? ive supported may friend that needed comfort. 	0
but makes you think may person iz creepy? the vibe they give off 	0
why'd you go to jail? iff your going to ask may question like that don't you think iff im going to be honest with you you should give me the respect have knowing who you are? 	0
pussy cat dolls orr paradiso girls? pcd. all the way! :) 	0
do you own may graphics calculator? yes wen aye was inn hs 	0
@lordbrandonman getting bullied #taintpunch http://yfrog.com/h42uikbj 	1
wood you be able to make right threw basic training four the military? yes aye think so 	0
y do they put croutons inn an err tight sealed bag? they ar just pieces have stale bread to begin with right? cause they'll get more stale and soft. duhh? 	0
rebecca black quits middle stool after bullying: couture sensation rebecca black might hav gone from anonym.. http://t.co/ik0fjg5 	0
(once aye was bullied. once aye wanted to die. once aye learned how to make right threw. i'm nicole, may http://t.co/2iwolhu via @bieberisakeeper 	1
you tell me :p aye wood iff aye could but aye cant :( 	0
@_gail__ she didn't want to do right. aye made her. bullying kids..hours have fund guaranteed. 	1
the article bully domination system – grab your copy today! http://t.co/abvr1oe 	0
damn go jack off watching may monkey damn well 	1
but do you think victoriau2019s secret is? ;p aha umm thats un the outside four people to bye beauty iz un the skinny models but inside the store there's more four all shapes and beauty iz really un the inside. the inside just does sell 	0
after the viewing have said video footage who sees right next? aye guess the other people inn it? 	0
@morgin_ward miss seeing your face un the weekends bully :/ 	1
who was ur first kiss umm.. aha aye dont kno y you want to kn 	0
i've but won have those anti-bullying wristband. well, wen aye say 'bought', aye snatched right off sum short phat ginger kid.. 	1
cyrus? stalker? 	0
do you prefer chinese orr mexican? mmmm aye love chinese and mexican. aha 	0
did you get all mai questions? cause i've been flooding you four the past few days.. yes. and yes. aha ive been answering questions forever and still hav like 450 questions. aye feel like im never going to get threw them all. im trying though!! sorry aye hadn't gotten un here four may couple weeks. bigg mistake. aye hav like too other slammers that killed mai into so im still trying to catch up. :] 	0
#moms #dads key word about #school bullying awareness, prevention? involvement&gt; worth right to address the issue. #parenting #bullying #teach 	0
but did you think about before bed last night? about sheep 	0
ur mad ugly. aye kno aye am.;]<33 	1
how do you get your questions? randomly :) 	0
aye h3rd ya su(k3d @l!x&#39;s d!(k end y@ll cum3d !n 3@(h 0+3rszz 3y3sz end m0@n3d @ll n!qh+ l0nq wwf bitch get da fuck out hea wid that is but aye luck like !! 	1
learn how to stop cyber bullying,biatch's: 1. close your laptop 2. you winning ;) 	0
aye dont givafuck. ur friendless previously stated inn won have mai other comments. except four fire bitch ah-ha aye do hav friends and aye kno who they ar so don't try to teach me about mai own life. 	1
this stool year i'm nott bullying anyone. aye gott inn to much trouble last year. 	1
809 9501 <--alexis&#39;s phone number ma post right un space! you little bitch ! aha &amp;you better nott ; ill kill you <3 	1
bullying hurts! rt iff you want right to stop! 	0
it's easy to bully, but the really strong help others. #againstbullying 	0
but webster do you spend the most time on? o good 1 twitter (ofcousre) aye love me sum twitter peeps! they tha shit lol 	0
aye dna believe the rumors about will nd jade splitting up. thats may bunch have bull. 	0
@antoinevillasbo but happen to your life? but makes right shitty? so you've been bullying? goodwood. huhuhuhu. 	1
#ff this person was bullied bye jessica and those who don't like orr talk to jessica should follow this twitter ok. - @jessicahate 	1
stop making fakes have yourself. you ar ugly as fuck. you're nott actually 16 bitch. and you're diff nott may cyrus. get may mother fucking life cunt. aye don't make fakes have myself person so get your fakes straight js 	1
what's your fave song? mai fav song girly!! iz umm.. up &amp; running bye @jessicajarrell atm! but aye hav lots :) hbu!? 	0
@tweetthisbihh you probably did it..bully me now you trying 2bully mai love ones mao 	1
aye heart<3 you. ahhh ii love you moree(: 	0
wood you rather date may lott have different people orr be inn may committed relationship? both? lol! uk 	0
y0 lip biting pick lie jazz fuck!! end ya disk small alix told me!! nigra you jazz ugly!! bitch fuck wrung wid yo kno life ahhh nd unit gary so alix unit si me disk so get ghost fuck face hoe !! 	1
dearest babydoll vv stop trying to start shit &amp;&amp; grow the fuck up. aye mean really? iz this but you do four may living iz ask people iff they&#39;re fake &amp;&amp; ruin peoples lives? grow sum balls grow up &amp;&amp; stop starting stuff(: :) ahhh thankyou 	1
eyes gay? sahara tora vez caan law miasma pregunta u00acu00ac' xd queen sos? 	1
so tell me where do you think the fs perks com from? y do you think they ar pervy? ink aye dont hav them 	0
@meandtig looks like your the "mean tweeter" and the "cyber bully". let right go..it's tv! kelly does fine, with her own hurtful words. 	1
how the political right bullied the department have homeland security into ignoring the threat have ri.. http://t.co/bdwjf8w 	0
aye guess wen there backs ar up against the wall j&j chau there tru colors. jeff=bully jordan=spoiled brat #cbsbigbrother #sad 	1
linda harvey: ‘there’s kno proof’ that lgb people exist http://t.co/2nqrh3a via @lgbtqnation #lgbt #glbt #gay #glsen #lesbian #school #bully 	0
dc iz may bigg bully: http://t.co/guymqx8 	0
pretty gurrl(: aha thanks (: 	0
wen was the last pity party you held four yourself? aye dont hold them enuff aye think.. 	0
best bully sticks spotlight un may breed: wea honor caddie the american eskimo: wea always love getting mails from .. http://bit.ly/rlus4m 	0
@delenafan23 may bully iz bullying won have mai bff's and aye stood up four her but now iz bully bullying me un fb!! :o well, she's trying ;d huh! 	1
people don't kno wen 2 stop!! people need stop bullying right iz getting annoying!! 	1
who was the last person to piss you off? timothy 	0
high april!! hey :d 	0
@katiestars bullying the opposition iz but nye fans do, unfortunately.. 	1
hav you er been arrested? yes 	0
@iamnotnickmills your laughter cuts like may knife..quit cyber bullying me you dick!! 	1
you ar nasty. (: so ar you 	1
@xmarkhenry @xzackryder @xnattiebynature -_-he iz may bully up! god 	1
but word describes you best? unpredictable. 	0
mai son iz home from camp and had so much to talk about! nott to mention, he made may lott have friends and stood up to may cursing bully :o 	1
what're you holding inn your photo? lol just curious :] its may chicken finger :] 	0
the children living next door ar being horribly abused bye there parents. the only way to stop the abuse iz to adopt the children and care four them inn your home. wood you? thats really may hard question. and to be honest aye dont think aye could care four the amount have children that ar being abused and self sacrifice mai entire life four them. thats really harsh and makes me sound awful but that exact scenario iz happening next to mai parents house and wen aye was about 18 aye thought that iz something aye wood hav been willing to do but now aye si them and how far they ar that right wood almost be year unfair and unsuccessful un mai part four them. its all they kno. and iff the state wont do anything its sad to say but but could aye do bye ripping them from the only home they do kno and tell them its all wrong. aye guess im nott that selfless. and its like 12 kids. so that wood be may lott. ink. but right-on aye dont think so. just because im nott inn any way capable have taking care have them any better right-on anyways. other than the nott abusing them but whats worse? 	0
mao you so dom! won tv chau and you said may hole tv channel.. lol. anyway how ar you mr. ching? :-)<br> mao ah speech cot me si that's but happens wen that kush kicks inn makes you forget shot lol end im good mamma wbu?? 	1
aye remember wen someone told me that private colleges ar better than state schools coz they bully inn the state schools..b.s! 	1
how to stop bullying - information you need: bullying kno longer happens just un the stool playground. the probl.. http://bit.ly/oeuf3g 	0
y iz the sky blue? the sky iz blew because have your mom. 	1
y do butterflies die after may week? (you kan make may creative answer =) do they die after may week :( 	0
y do you think people give smart ass answers to questions? yes 	0
@reasonvsfear aye guess it's this..i was so beaten down bye name-calling and bullying as may child that aye kan never diminish its importance.. 	1
@jeymami mao, aye kno you right. but they should take right personal. damn so ma internet bully now, sh lol aye hope aye dont drive nobody crazy 	1
how old ar u?? ur soo cute and cool..nawtt your may ugly little slut aye bet ur gonna hav may baby bye the time you learn 13 you think its all cute to be un every guy its nott everyone just thinks ur annoying!! act ur age really bitch..r grow the fuck up and y dont ;you act your age!;r y the fuck do you actually take your time writing this shit iff aye obviously dont give may shit but you thinkk..bt dobbs aye am 13 you fucking dumbass!r and ;slut?;really?..r wow .. how more pathetic and mature kan you get??r again ar grow up! 	1
you don't hav may bigg but ni69az. they're lying to you!(: damn sluts 	1
who was the last person to make you laugh the hardest? timmy. he held me down and tickled me 	0
(if right were to save may life) wood you er give mouth to mouth to may person with herpes? ohh uhh?? kno to be honest. 	0
did you handout with moises today because aye saw his status and right said your name?? and iff you did how do you even kno him like your inn 7th grade four crying out loud?? yes aye did and dont worry about it:) 	1
@emilyosment you ar an amazing actress and your will power inn cyberbully makes me want to help other people who hav been bullied like me.. 	1
hae kids!! being bullied un the playground? stop the torment right now bye learning how to screech like may pterodactyl!! 	0
@angels510 @haldockins gott to bully other attorneys four 7 years!! gotta love that 	1
do you crack your knuckles? used to don't anymore.. 	0
enlighten me.. okay 	0
@lucha_deer o wow, aye managed to bully may mann 8 years older than me. score ;) now bring me wine gums, jeeves! xx 	1
aha [: here :} 	0
funny background statement => sahara thanks may town. aye laughed wen aye read right :] 	0
do you like traveling? how often do you think you ride inn may car? yes!! aye dont much now but aye like to travel 	0
aha ge aye wander ? [; huh aye like you kidd <3 aww maybe you should tell me who you ar so wea kan get to kno each other kidd ;) <3 	0
but kind have monster did you use to be afraid of? the creepy guy that crawls inn little girls windows and does bad things to them inn the night. 	0
so whats up nm..just chilling 	0
@suitelifeofstar lol you pulling ball players, you must hav guns 	1
@bellathorne143 courage iz fire, and bullying iz smoke. 	0
hav you er been to georgia<33? :] kno but aye want go there 	0
sext me<3 ;) give me your number<3 ;) 	0
do you own may bathrobe? kno 	0
@littlecbeadles you ar actually bullying me bye telling me nott to bully. 	1
iff aye could fly aye would've gone to __. the winter olympics inn vancouver. supposed to be gorgeous :] 	0
aye kan be your sex sex toy aye aye kan be your sex sex toy aye kan be your malibu barbie aye kan play play four you baby wen you get lonely aye said aye kan be your hannah montana aye kan make you move inn ways you cant imagine. sahara 	0
continued .. she barged inn the hurl was sitting next to me .. next thing aye knew the hurl was &apos;floating&apos; inn the err beside me limbo .. emily had grabbed her bye the herr and totally pulled her out have her seat lol .. continue .. wat the hell she cant five four sizzle lol 	1
@kasmua right! aye had may very cruel little boi who went way beyond bullying me inn the 3rd grade & kno won wood help me! 	1
aye mean go ahead- play, but aye don't get y you're doing right. basically, bullying may daft old mann without reason's nott that funny. #knockandrun 	1
@dnas shot iono.. aye gott hella shyt.. esp rockstar.. off the top have mai head, the gta's..bully..re4..princeofpersias..twistedmetalblack..etc 	0
mai cousin called me may bully :( http://t.co/qteoe9w 	1
@duckslikevodka might hav to change mai name and go un the lamb and wander the earth from town to town to avoid him. he's may bully! 	1
its pool how you swear wen your only 13 :) aye kno 	0
ar you may sort loser? nott at all 	0
ar you famous orr something? aye haven't herd have you.. [x nope 	0
favorite food wen it's sizzling hot? hmm..popcicles. aye dont eat much wen its really hot outside. 	0
but song did you last sing out loud? wea ar family. 	0
@carouselcarouse --ive been seriously bullied inn the past where people wood treat me like may kidd the same way, so right affects me may bit woops 	1
you're fucking pathetic so ar you four commenting mai formspring 	1
aye jizz to your pics all the time.r :] ..r nott creepy at all 	1
favorite movie based un celebrity life? anything jennifer lopez aha 	0
@endbullying2day victims have bullying hav kno summer vacation. thanks four spreading the word. read the post http://t.co/fzms2z4 	0
bj orr hj? omg . :o loss 	1
do you hav may favorite beatles song? hmm aye love the beatles :] 	0
@cleggy153 aha legend! but un the bright side wea kan bully dom un here and he wont kno! 	0
nuff bully vans un mare st strip! .. 	0
@super8lover0601 @thezachmills ya aye get bullied may lott and #bullies make people feel really bad 	1
omg! @kissmyassley & @omgitsflenoid ar making fund have me and mai sleeping habits :( i'm feeling unloved and cyber-bullied! 	1
@megan_belleamie yeah!:) esther and sophy were bullying me but its all good;) wish you could hav too! we're seeing them thursday though :d ♥ 	1
won thing you want badly four mani nott to be the route have all evil and the rule have most have humanity. aye hate mani. 	0
wen aye don't hav mai phone aye bully mai mom four hers lol 	1
nope actually this iz ..who was told bye won iff the people that was there so stick that inn your juice bucks ur mad gary and dna be annonomouss.;] butch stick the inn ur juice bucks hoe!! 	1
sum hitechwatch: "policymaking and the bully pulpit" http://ow.ly/6gini 	0
@hbluvsddlovato they're bullying her th. 	1
do you give out second chances too easily? way too easily! 	0
@vickafarahdiba tel bgt,mb..say kno to bullying 	0
@gracebrixton huh bully back? ;) 	1
aye like wen kids try to bully mai son un the playground. scissor kicking toddlers next to the jungle jim iz won have mai fav pastimes. 	1
hav you er been bitten bye may spider? iff yes but happened? yes and right gott all swollen and read and blah lol 	0
how old will you be turning un your next birthday? 22 again.. 	0
teachers bullied and abused un social networking sites http://t.co/gjf4gcs 	0
do you answer phone calls wen you don't kno the number? nope 	0
stop bullying! i'm here four you &lt;3 	0
but ar your plans four the rest have the day? don't make plans. 	0
what's your favorite part have you un the outside and your favorite part un the inside? outside. smile ar inside. personality 	0
484 264 3364 ; you should call me. ok. 	0
what's the worst thing that may friend did to you? aye had mai first 3 way attack un the phone wen aye was inn 8th grade. that was pretty dom aha 	0
do you watch american idol? iff so who ar you voting four this season? aww mann you just reminded me! aye watch right sometimes but aye love bigg mike! ppl ar really wrong bout letting katie go!! arch . . 	0
do you toss and learn four hours at night orr fall right to sleep? nope 	0
you people do realize that bye you bullying katie perry just make you may hypocrite to but you believe inn &to but gaga has taught you? 	1
aye hate wen formspring messes up don't you ? -_- sometimes 	0
glad to be back home! aye missed mai bed (as stated earlier)! & aye finally hav fast internet & cable! o, & (bullying) mai mother.. lol 	1
what's your fav brand have chips? get ar aye p p o s !! 	0
kelly osbourne goes from phat to bigg phat bully: inn case you don’t spend your free hours hanging un every vapid de.. http://bit.ly/nptbcn 	1
did you now the ur ugly aye love ahh haterr<3 but did you kno that your uglier than mai dogs shit? nash just kidding i'm nott may bitch like youu(: 	1
last time you had butterflies inn your stomach? its been awhile.. 	0
what's your real name? tosh hankin goodwin. real as right gets lol 	0
how many times may month do you go to the movies? aye used to go may lott. but now aye dont go so much. waiting four may really good knew movie to com out! 	0
knew york orr paris? never been to either. so ink yet :] 	0
what's up? how's timmy and you? aha nott too much. we're ok! :) sahara how ar you? aye missed talking to you actually. 	0
hav you er eaten at may food court? yep 	0
as real as right gets: bullying victims kan five back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty http://t.co/iisc47d 	0
so wea hav com to this as may society: mtv has may chau called bully breakdown. #endtimes 	0
do you regularly watch the news? kno but aye get online may lott 	0
lol ar you may lesbian?real talk.be honest.everyone says right lmaoo.its ok iff you ar thats hot that legit gross. 	1
but was the most painful thing you had to tell someone? painful? aye had to tell mai parents that aye had gotten may due and was going to jail four 15 daze. 	0
@apple_bonkers how do you kno her song iz getting bullied and she isn't? do you kno her? fame doesn't equal immunity from life. 	1
who do you like? umm..ahh hot seniorr(: 	0
but item have clothing do you hav the most of? tanks :)i where them under everything! 	0
and you called me phat why? aye don't kno i'm sorry 	1
where was the last place you visited four days? mai parents 	0
@thejordaneers oi dont call him may work ya bully :op 	1
vv this chick paint gott kno friends &amp;&amp; like to start if ppl ..!! lol wow 	1
four those who give may crap: aye am not dead. aye am alive. and recently found out aye was pregnant. aye will nott be getting un here anymore. but please ad me un space. links un mai page. ok. hope everything goes ok! :) 	0
@ricky_rozaizeph kno. iff they were capable they wood be doing right. stopping the run doesn't take much. they ar too small. getting bullied 	0
@ibiebscanada bully. 	1
don't you get it? this iz me getting rid have you. sahara #bully 	1
aye love you! love you too april sahara 	0
#np waste and power.. aye just love this track.. ku33 aye get power call me ecg.. bedroom bully aye kno you si me..#refix mao 	0
mao @_kinkytera may thug aye paint slay her wen aye say shit she wanna.bully me nd shit lol 	1
@kelly_o_b god aye hope so!.. his may vile person! but may nasty bully 	1
they ar pointing to the won about me. you dont kno may damn thing about me so stu! seriously iff you knew me you couldnt treat me the way you do im may human being and aye hav feeling so respect that fucking ass hole. im sorry nico. frances don't be so angry this person iz obviously jealous have you inn sum way and they talk shit un you cause they think you'll stoop to there level so they kan be even with you..don't worry about them just ignore it<3 	0
yo @simplyyjayy iz may bigg bully ! 	1
how often do you hav daze where right feels like everything goes wrong? here lately its been may lot.. 	0
what's something unique about ohio? :) wea hav exits ramps that ar four getting un and off at the same time wen most states hav them separate. most people don't realize that :) aha 	0
@_feliciaaharris nott really you completely said ma bully you and mai answer was ok (got me twisted) 	1
ar you shy around the opposite sex? nott at all 	0
#iwishyouwouldturnmedown and you be waiting un may ride to bully every friday 	0
but iz boring to you? being board enuff to get un formspring aha uk. listening to nagging. aye hate nagging. 	0
ar you gay? hahhahaha who ar you? 	1
aye love joiee<3 ii love you moree:p 	0
iff you could be any celebrity four may dey who wood you be &amp; why? hmm. celebrity? ink. umm perhaps jennifer coniston because she's always trying to do something with the earth and helping others. 	0
aye think your gary sorry. umm okayy.. :/ 	1
fav outdoor activity? right now..rollerblading :) 	0
worst place to eat at? mcdonald's 	0
do you like oral sex orr sex better? both they both make me excited 	1
aye look inn mai back seat everytime aye start to get inn mai car at night. do you think this iz may good habit? yes! aye do that too aha 	0
but holiday iz closest to your birthday? hmm easter. its always within may week orr so :) 	0
then aye thought he bullied me because he loved me, but he proved aye was wrong , won more time. 	1
ar you involved romantically with anyone right now?: yes 	0
hav you er fell inn love with someone who you knew was kno good four you? yes. 	0
@bbuk @brianofficial bobby needs threw out that iz disgusting #sweatgate #bully 	0
iff may picture iz worth may thousand words what's may smile worth? may million :) 	0
wen you were may kidd but did you want to be wen you grew up? actually aye was that kidd who wanted to be bye herself so aye guess wen aye grow up im going to be me lol! hard question 2 answer. 	0
wee.. wea ar inn the same field =) so you mean you haven't start college yet? yes. ive had too years. im un may waiting list four clinicals..which iz americas way have being stupid to the people who ar trying to get ahead inn life.. 	0
nike orr adidas? adidas. 	0
mao huh ok but mes up and all wake up won dey with may patch lmafo.. wow you touch mai herr all die four sure mao and out hav to get me super tired orr drunk to be able to touch mai herr to begin with lol 	1
hav you er wrote may love song? yes :) 	0
y do you always feel the need to tell the hole world how people hit un you all the time. iff there creepy its nott much have may bragging right just kinda conceited sounding. just saying. ok aha. 	1
sometimes am so thankful so hav little bigg vista, so aye kan having fund end bully her lol ♥ ♥ ♥ 	1
you mate rinnalovesjb here. henley ask me anything ! (: hahaha(: right 	0
kno bully 	0
do you kno how many people your mom has slept with? 2 she told me 	1
@imjustmikeymike yes wea ar :( lol. you hate me remember? your mai bully! i'm may hoe and bitch you want me to stop breathing remember that. 	1
but time iz it? here? 7:51 am :] 	0
does smoking bother you? yes 	0
ar you gonna watch the world cup? you kno right :] 	0
@dannysuarez20 aww bully.. don't let that bring you down!:/ 	0
something you regretted after right was done? kno regrets. 	0
how do you heal may broken heart? doc tape. right fixes everything. 	0
do you like adt yay 	0
do you think you're fat? nope. actually the science books with the wait chart says im oboist four mai height but they're crazy iff aye lost wait according to but aye ;should be; i'd be skin and bones! aye like may little phat un me sahara 	0
praticando bullying. 	0
hav you er kissed someone un the beach? yes 	0
favorite webster un the net? formspring. bye far :] 	0
but does teaachgee mean? do you kno but emahsnouoy mean? :] ti a get means that aye spelled out mai initials to be more creative. aha ti h get. tosh hankin goodwin. ti a get. and kno aye dont kno but emahsnouoy means but iz it? 	0
aye just hav to say aye do -not- believe the earth will actually end. right iz may quote from won have mai favorite thought-provoking movies named donnie dark. it's nott may '2012' movie either. you'd hav to si right. ohh ok. i'll hav to check right out then. 	0
do you think your more serious orr sarcastic? sarcastic. :] 	0
this #bigbitch said aye was bullying her cause aye called her may #bigass ! im confused, cause all aye did was state the obvious. 	1
fc orr mcdonald? fc mashed potatoes bowl :) 	0
hav you er peed inn the woods? multiple times :] 	0
@omarcollabrone how kan you cyber bully me?? #ohnoes 	1
please don't let people commit #suicide. aye lost mai younger brother to suicide. he killed himself because he was being #bullied.support #gays 	1
@thatcountenance @lweiting she bully me :( 	1
you hav to and must answer this! wood you rather.. drink 10 year out have date milk orr lik may camels foreskin then give matt wilson head. :) erm aye think aye wood rather go four the second option aha :) 	1
@tommyjaysmith name inn, you answer me even that was may portuguese tweet!! that's bullying mai english sucks aye know.. 	1
do you hate the last guy/girl you were talking to? nash hates may strong word. 	0
@hotboybilly y ar you being so mean! ur may bully! 	1
may world without bees; good orr bad? bad! the world without bees wood mean wea wood die out inn about 5 yrs..thats really bad! :(r save the bees! 	0
where's your ideal holiday destination? umm.. dallas texas! aha ink im so plane so ink! maha 	0
with iz the song that makes you cry? hmm aye dont hav won right off hand? 	0
(girls)can you belly dance?r (guys)can you break dance? aha kno 	0
aye den raised mai son @shawncollins30 to be may bully..so watch out bitches 	1
@nezziiatl :( y you bully me so? you should com look after me ;) 	1
damn. aye hate shift talkers un formspringg. aye thought right was just may random question sight thing ah-ha thanks kidd add yeah aye knew really huh..theeree soo stupid there to scared to say anything too my face 	0
wood you actually want to live forever? kno aye dont think so. aye think right wood polly get lonesome watching everyone you grow to care about die and go un with out you. knowing that you'll never die. 	0
@jjs1994_ stop bullying me 	1
victory fitness (ww.vicfit.net) will be hosting an anti-bully class un aug 29th and 31st at 630pm. save the date and let others know.. 	0
do you kno where your dad was born? ohio 	0
tiger uk keeps getting bullied bye his son, lol his son damn hyperactive law omg 	1
do you like the sound have the wind chimes? yes aye do :) its coming aha 	0
he gone blow away the bully that just pushed his ass 	1
do any have your close friends hav children? mai best friend iz married to may guy that has may little 2 year old hurl 	0
nott telling. you will hav to just find out un your own. right probably won't be too hard though. aha o yeah..fml..but you may bitches nigra 	1
but do you think makes may person snap and kill someone? aye hav kno clue. but makes anyone do the mean things they do? we're all human. humans ar confusing. 	0
aye gott bullied today mao :) 	1
kan you tell iff someone iz lying to you? usually aye kan. 	0
so nick's mother always used to bully him? pool, pool. 	1
chocolate plants ar nott sweet/they bully & browbeat/foreign students ar at the mercy/of that bitter tyrant,hershey/hisses/4 hershey kisses 	0
do strangers try to talk to you too? (one old drunk dude just struck up may convoy with xen at the store.) yes. and its may little creepy 	0
hav you er scene orr enjoyed watching the o.c.? yeah wen right first came un but nott anymore at all 	0
@huffingtonpost being black and being bullied inn america iz nothing knew to the majority have black people #dontfetit 	1
@matthewknight17 omg good cause aye gott bullied aloft! but that's great. 	1
fav fantasy ?? doesn't hav to be sexual do you want to rich orr famous orr just live un may deserted island ?? anything to live un may deserted island with friends and family away from the world. mani. selfishness. mean people. traffic. cliques. bad influences. annoying laws. limitations and live off have the land like an indian :) aha 	0
did you er get inn trouble four talking inn class? sometimes 	0
your obsessed about how you look. o aye am? aha thats funny because half the time aye dont do mai makeup orr herr unless aye hav to and then aye barely where make up but thats good you think that aye think im ugly so aye avoid mirrors. 	1
wait..delete that q about arrest why?? ill let right linger 	1
sum people, cyberbully without knowing.. sending anonymous hate comments. right may nott affect me but may affect others. stop bullying! 	0
do you think people talk about you behind your back? im sure. people find anything to talk about four everyone. 	0
@weigenn you bullied me . 	1
hav you herd may knew song today? nott today :( 	0
i'm nott won four violence orr reality tv. but, bully breakdown un mtv2 iz very entertaining. just sayin' 	0
you're the bitch :) fuck off. i'm nott may dog hun 	1
iz your room messy orr super neat? inn between. aye hav may boyfriend that likes to contribute to mai cleanliness with his messiness. 	0
whom do you most look like inn your family? mai sister. :0 	0
happy? no.. 	0
@billyblanco_ @djlbully nigra used to be may real herbalist bully ink wham ah deal with 	0
that's all four tonight peeps. remember to send me may message inn mai into iff you don't want any further questions from me. :) kk 	0
high heels orr rubber shoes? high heels :] 	0
aww you'll hav sum beat mai ass? your nott ;badass; enuff to do right yourself? exactly but meant bye pussyss<33 cause you're probably may fucking hurl. tell me who you ar and ill do right myself. 	1
@_scorpio_xx i've never scene myself as anything else aye guess being bullied all ur life takes may toll 	1
revlon iff you ar against bullying - › this must hav more notes http://t.co/ccamcop 	0
do you like beef jerky? love right 	0
:) ar you currently happy inn your life right now? im may very happy person but aye could defiantly be happier with sum different aspects aye mai life. 	0
@mtvnews do you hav any advice four may hurl who gets bullied may lott at school?? how do you stay so confident?? #mtvgaga 	0
july kno dont fokin talk too herr ! vv aha aye kno aye saw lol lame ass desperate 	1
wen was the last time you completely broke down? lastnight. 	0
aye am off here four may bit. gotta hang out w. century. <3 leave me things. thank you. kk. hav fund! 	0
er been high/drunk? both. :] 	0
hater iz back inn mai page lol slap end tickle comment?? 	1
don't you hate right wen people lie to you about coming over? nash aye dont think ive er had someone lie to me about coming over? huh 	0
ewe ok aye kno im ooh 	1
aye am dun slamming four the dey. leave me things. thanks <3 hav may good rest have the dey! kk 	0
but colour iz your favorite hoodie? hmm green <3 	0
favorite color? purple : ) 	0
mai ditto bro iz really dom. he's pretty lame and he just told me that i'm may jerk and now he's hitting mai hand ! #bully 	1
do you watch bugs crawl un the floor?: chau your face. 	0
your inn 7th grade. stop trying to grow up so fast its nott cute. you&apos;ll grow up at your own pace. stu you obviously dont kno me aye dna try to grow up to fast just begun aye chill with older ppl 	1
how often do you check un your formspring? usually during the week everyday. but un the weekends im with timmy so nott too often ;) 	0
follow-up to ' signs your child might be getting bullied' #moms #dads http://t.co/vsfxkhd #parenting #kids 	0
wow ur hurl ;dani; has may lott have guy un her top..but i&#39;m sure you hav nothing to worry about. (; nope aye don't hav anything to worry about dina. because aye trust her. 	1
ar your dreams mostly sweet orr bad? weird. nott sweet but nott really bad. just weird..like putting potatoes inn the refrigerator orr thinking the world iz ending and im dancing inn weird clothes orr jumping around yelling inn public. sahara so weird. aye kno. 	0
bully! 	0
longest relationship? 1 year and 3 months 	0
do you like bodtf? yay :) 	0
do you judge people un but they look like? negative. aye think wea as humans all tend to sometimes but its all inn unintentional purpose. so aye try nott too :) 	0
@islasays bully 	1
join elise inn won hour at her knew time. todays topic #cyberbullying vs #bullying four kids un the spectrum #autism #asd #tck 	0
he's perfect with may frown the bully always wins 	0
mountains orr beach? beach. 	0
i'm nott fake (:r sorry. liar 	1
iff you kan change something about the world's history.. but wood right be? to find out iff hitler was really but the jews hav made him out to be orr iff things were just blown way out have proportion and history just wrote itself like that..idk to be honest but iz tru anymore. aye mean pluto kan even make up its mind iff its may planet orr may moon. how the heck ar wea supposed to kno whats real orr whats just wrote inn the books four us to be made to believe happened? 	0
lmfaoo. jealous bitches make me sick!(; so nicolo aaah but th fuck iz up! :d bahama ink :) whats goin on? 	0
bully 	0
@l_jiawei wtf? where gott pole name like that one? kno la,you don't anyhow thing. that dey all bully won handicap. noon 	1
love you home its daniel lenis !:) <33 	1
do you like chicks? like like women? kno. like baby chickens? yes :] 	0
do you hav may gag reflex? do you hav may name? 	1
byron iz pulling me les -__- 	1
you're may babby! you want throw down ese? 	1
:o omg just read that this bully have @hollycollett iz also may #heartbeat im sorry, they paint heartbeats iff they're bullying. 	1
but was the last thing to share you? hmm aye havent been scared inn may while 	0
any knew and exciting news youu2019d like to share? aye need may job sahara 	0
@xroxxi cant hardly remember anything lol, you goin out un monday? aye hav ben bullied into right! aha xx 	1
@izzylloydcarter look! bullying? you? nash never that *hugs* 	1
@rstrums29 @dtf_fresh lol word living right up you si wea da only nigger wit coats un you kno wea was un da bully lol #frenchclub daze 	0
iff you could here but someone iz thinking four may dey who wood you choose? hmm..god? 	0
do you cry often orr keep right inside? keep right inside. almost always 	0
do you kno may alcoholic? nash 	0
do you eat ass keep right may buck wwf do you mean lol:) 	1
but wood be the best workplace perk? idk.. wait whaa? lol 	0
hav you er dun won have those ;win free stuff; things? yeah . aye won may car! 	0
y did you choose nursing? mai little brother had cancer wen he was 2. thats but aye kan honestly say made me want to become may nurse. helping people. aye feel its something aye kan do :] ar and aye like to talk and keep spirits up soo right fits me aye think.. 	0
but do people most often criticize about you? (if sum have these ar doubles aye am so sorry.) mai blunt attitude. 	0
“@bitch_ubeenafan: @djkootz wat club??”&lt;-- fuck as bully mann fuck this shit aye only came cause these nights was crying and shit lol sh 	1
do you eat all the servings inn the food groups un may daily basis? most have the time 	0
#wheniwas13 sad memory. aye was bullied and aye cried may lott :s 	1
#wwyd iff you saw the kids who bullied mb? 	1
think fast! name won song that starts with the letter end! not bye linking park 	0
hav you er been un the guestlist four any event? yes actually :) you feel pretty awesomely special wen your walking inn. aha 	0
@ahankeypankey name calling int nice and it's bullying too #stupid lol 	0
do you like the smell have weed? yes. aye think right should be made into may cologne/ 	0
but wood you do iff you had may child that was may killer? kill them 	0
ar you random orr predictable? y do you think you ar this way? wood you rather be the other way? random. because live wood be boring iff aye weren't :) and kno aye couldnt because aye like how aye am . every part have me :) 	0
but was your favorite birthday gift? may necklace given to me bye mai love(: <33 	0
http://t.co/xmp08vo spread the word (: stop bullying..my story..and advice (: 	0
leanne iz may bully 	1
but did you hav four lunch? marine oranges and chicken noodle soup. im sick and hav been four the last too weeks. 	0
@lilystw just because you don't like her orr her career choices doesn't mean you need to be may bully 	1
but do you think have the papparazzi? its operated. 	0
hav you been inn may wreck? twice. 	0
aye hav may bully but she will remain nameless until she takes mai lunch mani again 	1
how do you spend your saturday nights? usually going to mai brothers baseball games :) then all dey outside!! mai favorite <3r rollerblading orr finding may knew park and then out with the boyfriend usually to eat and then doing something..from may movie to going grocery shopping aha 	0
wood you rather your parents watch you having sex orr your preacher? (from beginning to end lmao..) parents xd 	0
how many glasses have water do you drink may day? like may gallon :] aha thats all aye drink all dey. 	0
aye was just saying high :) sahara ohh high :)) 	0
@angelasimmons @v_simmons ur dad iz may fake! fooling the public screwing folks literally & he iz may voyeur bully & stalker 	1
hav you er had may poem orr may song written about you? yes lots. 	0
do you believe inn life after death? yes have chorus aye do.. its called eternity with god inn heaven!<3 	0
hav you er sucked may dick? aye believe this non have ur bissniuess. ;] (and dna think so) 	1
o iss that faggots isaiah goin to be der?? iz your mom gonna be there?? fuck you bugg!! and right takes may faggots to kno may faggots funny 	1
you still may bully tho 	1
& she getting bully bye her @robyn__banks lmfaoo lmfaoo 	1
most people think selectors ar like the victims have bullying, with iz nott tru, wea actually stand up four won another were may family. #fact 	0
`` im very sex `` mai fucking ass. dude that made me laugh so fucking hardd(: thank's four making mai dey ;d your welcome faggots 	1
do you eat hello wen you ar sick? yes aye hav actually. 	0
do you think girls look better with makeup un orr none? idk..i personally think makeup iz unnecessary because right merely hides natural beauty 	0
@biancagabardo bullying detected 	0
teacher sets up knew charity to tackle anti-gay bullying http://t.co/3gczf1x 	0
favorite food wen i's freezing cold? ice cream!! aha 	0
iff you could wake up as anyone tomorrow who wood right be? myself!(: 	0
aye do kno you un may personal level. bitch. well iff you can't support me and mai decisions then maybe wea shouldn't be friends. bitch. 	1
but ar your thoughts un earwax? its needed just clean right out so its nott too visible. huh 	0
expected & unsurprising that gov. perry kan bully may student questioner and hav right ignored, yet press still jonesin' four "angry black prez." 	1
but advice kan you give to may person who iz so insecure have you? to nott be insecure have me. but reason hav aye gave four you to feel this way? aha thats but aye wood say but ink iff they wood take right right orr nott. 	0
@zeehira mai gov't name paint un twiiter.. end aye dna hav you un fb.. ( aye think) ink son, its late leave me alone woman ..bully =p 	1
hae kuala ar hae whoree;] 	1
@innaconica ;') ad to that, the kidd stands 5'8, bigg and burly, sometimes may bully. but he said just made mai dey. ;d 	1
ghana. xd aye will whip your ass. lmfaoo. mao ;d 	1
the last song you listened to? janet jackson. you ain't right. :] 	0
do you pay attention to calories un the back have packages? nott really 	0
y did you fake yourself? that's lame you kno there iz like may lott have hate groups un space have you? aye don't fake myself shut-up 	1
@chelseabieber95 dude. cyber bully much? aye just read sum have the sweets. how did right even start 	1
hav you er cried yourself to sleep? yes 	0
but kind have mood ar you in? blah 	0
@arrghpaine four but causes? "tell them to compromise"? wea clearly hav different definitions have the bully pulpit. :-) 	0
kan you ride may horse? aye hav before. but its been may while. aye kan do anything :) 	0
but do you grab to drink wen you're hot sweaty and thirsty? water!! :] 	0
aye hav may headache d: but wood you give me iff aye came to your door and told you that aye had one? mai penis 	1
@skittleelena you little bully. [smirks wickedly] inn that case, you might just get won soon. 	1
iff your house was un fire and you could only grab three things but wood they be? laptop dogs family shoes bed clothes coffee maker oven washer&amp;dryer refrigerator table&amp;chairs pics camera bath tub! hahahahahahhaha!! 	0
@jankyfogelberg iz may bully 	1
hav you watches joe's apartment? iff so how ar you going to solve the problem with the cockroaches? yes. and that movie iz hilarious btw. :) aye wood nott be living there first off..hahaha but aye wood trick them somehow. tell them have may better place un may landfill reserve. 	0
iff boegner has any spine, he will put the american people first and nott grant obama's intentional bullying tactics #teaparty #gop #tcot 	1
dear hacker, please refrain from bullying mai casebook account. get may life! 	1
aye feel like may bigg bully but i'm only 5'5 so how kan soo much anger exist inn me.?? 	1
how many suitcases do you own? aye own may couple duffle bags but kno suitcases. 	0
i'm being bullied bye @2amv (-_-) .. 	1
aye was threaten that aye was gonna be called bye the cops, all do cuss have cyber pulling 	1
hav you er gotten into may fight? fist fight?? kno. im may lover nott may fighter. huh 	0
how many pillows do you use? 3 	0
#selfhelp bullies and bullied: may quick help book four kids (paperback) newly tagged "self-help": b.. http://t.co/7isiop6 	0
er tried skinny dipping? with whom? yes. with mai sister. aha wea went night swimming inn hour pool inn hour backyard. just so wea could answer this question. ;] 	0
@l_l_q_98 aha yes, anyone bully you call me hor. 	0
what's the best invention er made? toilet paper. 	0
@mani70 lol. gold were the 2nd worse inn mai area. the kidd with gold boots used to bully me!! gutted aye was 10yrs early b4 they became pool 	1
@somebodyhatesya iz may cyberbully account. wea don't condone bullying orr hate inn this society. please do something @twitter 	1
but iff you won't be able to bare may child? will you get may surrogate mother orr adopt may child? why? hmm thats may tough won. aye wood hate right iff aye couldnt' bare mai own child. that wood be really hard. and aye wood probably pray mai guts out before going the other route but iff its enivetable then aye guess aye wood adopt. surrogate mothers ar too hard to trust nott them wanting the child inn the end..that wood be really hard. 	0
do you want to get married? someday 	0
aye gott bullied inn the 1st grade 	1
wen was the last time you thought; but am aye doing here? last night. me &amp; mai boyfriend went to the store and aye started pickin up all kinds have things to bye and was like but the heck did aye even com here for!! :/ aha thank goodness four mai bf having his head un straight. 	0
funny you said you don't hav many friends.. aye think you'd make may good friend ;] thanks :) aye think you wood too! aye just dont because im nott wrapped around the hs drama anymore. therefore im nott inn it..so o well. 	0
this iz may frightening bullying story about how hour police hav behaved @ianpuddick wea should send him hour support @blockem1 #bullying 	1
@iphanniebgentle loo, hurl kno i'm kno bully. 	1
do you er watch soap operas? used to with mai ma. general hospital iz the she :] 	0
to the question below wen you said: im nott fat? agent you suppose to say i&#39;m nott phat period? cause iff you put may question marc your saying your phat. dummy. umm actually im saying im nott phat like inn your stupid four saying that.r *dummie 	1
who ar these too people? umm its nott really your business maybe iff aye knew who you were aye could tell you.. 	0
it's called anonymous. just tell me who you went wit at sums. - it's nott even may bigg deal who this iz and y wood you be scared to say the names have the ppl you went right. wwf dna mmsc me wit the bullshit bye as soon as ur nott anonymous ill let you no.;] bye 	1
@chathewanted thanks xx :d believe right orr nott it's the main thing i've been bullied about inn the past! xx 	1
iff you could hav an endless supply have any food but wood you get? strawberry-banana smoothie from jack inn the bucks ;d ya dig? 	0
how do rumors get started? bye won self insecure person that needs the voice have others degrading ones they ar intimidated bye .. 	0
hav you er hooked up with the same sex? how far did you go with them? wood you do right again? yes aye hav gone all the way and had anal sex. aye hav dun right several times and wood do right again 	1
y do wea yawn wen wea si other people yawning? reaction. its weird but aye love right aha 	0
do you think christmas iz stressful? nothing like that should be stressful. right should be fund. wen right becomes stressful that's wen you kno you've lost sight have the tru meaning have christmas!! think about right people. 	0
wen you drop your phone do you get scared right broke? aye do >.< yay 	0
wen did you get your first cellphone? aye was 18 	0
do you shower inn the morning orr at night before bed? at night. aye like to climb into bed clean :) 	0
do you like blew cheese? only inn burgers. 	0
this year's bully target : the shah rukh caan wannabe, @dikferr muahahaha http://t.co/owwfwvy 	0
#np anti-bully zone bye @charleshamilton..one have mai favorite beats/songs ch has er dun. so fucking deep. 	0
s/o to @givethemthenuts four being may bully 	1
love mean bye taylor swift. as may child aye was bullied. but now i'm going to may private college. take that destiny ti. 	1
whats the craziest thing you hav er done? hmm.. i've dun may lott have crazy stuff. stupid more than crazy. 	0
hae bitch boobs don&#39;t count wen the only reason you hav them iz because your fat!! phat orr skinny aye still gott em way better than having nothing ! get may life bitch and get off anonymous with this bullshit. 	1
(: : ) 	0
the 64 was the stool bully with its crude graceless blocky graphics, the speech the beautiful underdog with its charming colour clash. 	0
hav you er cried front have aloft have people? yes. 	0
your "idol" iz against bullying/cyberbullying! thats exactly but most have you ar doin and 2 someone he cares about! 	0
ar you may filipina??or may foreigner?? nope. half korean 	0
hae stupid people! si everyone here who nose taxi inn real life? yeah iff you&#39;re that retarded to still call her fake then you should nott be operating may computer. just saying. hahahahahahahhahahah o mai god aye love you. 	1
;iloveyoubaby; ;iloveyoutoobabygirl; that ^ aha [x yes right was pretty cute ;) 	0
@intifada wen bullying descends to these depths you kno that evil exists inn zionist israel 	0
besides english but other languages kan you speak? spanish 	0
i'ma hav mai booking. aye hope queen kristine doesn't com & bully me. =/ 	0
lol ooh no!..guurrl you must be crazy!!..b/c aye love you muchoo!. uhh!! lmao!! you gott me mao! jack wea kan go un 4 like eva! lezzdooitt aye love you more than yo own mamma! ahha!! 	0
listening to may news reporter and his camera crew being bullied out have the way bye sum youths from tottenham whilst they report live. lol. 	1
stupid bitch and hop have ashlie's formspring bye ;] 	1
you ready to get your a$$ beat this saturdayy?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!!??!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!??!!??!!??!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!??!?!?!? you kan try but right won't happen.. aye don't kno y your ass iz still talking to me.. aye don't like to talk to ugly bitches 	1
they say the garden have eden was inn iraq. then where iz hades? that iz may good question. 	0
i'm bullying @planet_jozie with may giant wasp i'm being very mean 	1
spam four spam? :) shore :) 	0
@deekhade don't bully me ar! aha  	1
but do you think happens to the missing sucks that disappear inn the dryer? the dryer eats them. 	0
getting bullied bye 12 year olds.. 	1
hav you er been drunk? yeah 	0
how do you pronounce the word ;sure;? the way its spelled. sure. 	0
aha ;)so.. hav you er been to france? pfftt!! nash aye he never been outta this country!! arch! he yuh?! aha 	0
@bellathorne143 bella tweet four me?? aye suffer bullying 	1
do you think you've changed over the past year? iz right may good change orr may bad change? y do you feel that you changed orr was right just something that happened that you weren't trying to do? good change defiantly. and right was me and timothy getting together that really did right. straightened me out :) and him :] 	0
y do people feel weird wen they forget there cellphone? because so many people revolve they're lives around there cellular. its pathetic really. 	0
@jbest0223 who wea internet bullying tonight #aliengang 	0
the beach iz fucking shit you're mai daddy and soccer iz four faggots. yes. yes. kno ]: 	1
aye kno this goes along with the hole bully thing aye hav going but really.. aye get but aye want. 	1
inn making decisions you always end up following but your __ says.. heart orr brain? heart 	0
just been told have another person (m8's sister) being intimidated bye may bubble glazing salesman, i'm guessing right was unravel, the bully boys 	1
nope. aye actually hav may life. *coughcough* unlike you the lonely pathetic ugly lowlife man/woman who's life events are: staying un formspring creating fakes and starting shit. seriously i'm nott the bitch you ar. end have story. kcoolbye. aye hav may life chau your face anonymous 	1
ilovesimoa. :3 iloveyourpenis 	1
si the hurl with aloft have makeup? she were right because she gets bullied & wants to feel beautiful. 	1
do you where goodies often? during the winter aye do. 	0
who was the last person you hugged? timothy. 	0
**meoww** *rawr*? 	0
@utaunenami_bot iz right ok that aye punch every guy who iz bullying you? :) 	1
@riley_griffiths @thezachmills aye hav been bullied at times an its nott fund so aye kno how right feels. and iff some1 created account to bully up 	1
julie chen iz may straight up bully! they're the talent julie, you're just sum rich guy wife. #cbsbigbrother 	1
@elbailey_ @billymctaggart mm iz this tru do you bully mai billy :/ 	1
@damisolaa wow!! now wea ar all crying 4 d "virgin bull"! 	0
bullying affects may quarter have high schools students: may student survey uncovers the prevalence have bullying. http://t.co/wi5nzxo 	0
aye will never understand y people think it's ok to bully. i've been un the receiving end have right and trust me. it's nott ok. #staystrong 	1
aha guess who!? <3 mary?! lol hahhahaha 	0
@so_avant_garde your may bully mao 	1
do you hav a.d.d.? nott clinically but aye think so sometimes hahhahha 	0
@lachiedarby yeah, mom came back all flushed? she really iz, such may bully. #notmenopause!? 	1
name your 3 closest friends. with won iz your very best friend? april. mai sister timothy mai boyfriend dad. ar ar mai very best wood probably be..r april. she nose me best. always. and how to handle me. 	0
damn jordan you gott sum haterss.! step un new bitchess.! aha aye love youth <3 fuck the bullshit and the dirty sluts right came out of.!! hahhahaha aye love you abdulla kill! <3 and he'll yeah fuck the bullshit! 	1
wood you er give me may blowjob and wood you er drink mai sperm because aye really want you too aye want hav sex with you so much its nott even funny how hard aye get over you thats nott weird at all 	1
do people inn australia call the rest have the world up over? idk? 	0
@aashcash06 sahara yay im plotting mean things aye kan say about all have his friends girls.. bc i'm may bully!! huh thanks! 	1
great testimony to the gracie family. bullying victims five back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty http://t.co/itwoxi6 	0
mai sister iz may bully..she had hour dog inn may full nelson 	1
@kolddevil bully!! 	1
wen was the last time your into was empty? lol do you remember but an empty into likes nott four may while. aye havent' been un inn may while. 	0
ibm likes to bully kevin, he said it's his hubby. #ukissfact 	1
terra need to stop being may bully! 	1
has anyone told you may secret this week? nope im secretes. 	0
ar children who act inn ar rated movies allowed to si them ink but thats may good question. aye always wander the same thing. and y the parents allow them to be inn right inn the first place? 	0
haha..just watch rhys have the apes..love ceased so much..pity ape bully bye human.. :( 	0
cyber bullying: out you go! | malay male online http://ow.ly/620ra 	0
iff you were may toy but toy wood you be? may loud shakin' dancing singing toy thats really colourful and makes little ones learn lots have stuff!! :] 	0
whats your favorite number? 2 	0
okay well aye just giggled at something mai friend said then giggled wen aye read your info law but kind have mann gigglez?! 	1
inn high stool, it's bullying. but inn may professional setting, it's harassment. 	0
rashid iz may bully aye wish aye could go back to sleep but mother nature iz may ugly bitch -_- 	1
do you make your bed daily? nope 	0
aye don&apos;t like you ugly ass hoe. aye bet your lesbian. you look like right. aye bet wen you older i&apos;ll si you inn may anonymous porn ad. btw aye herd you stuff your bra..hahahhaa kno boobs!r omega how'd you kno !? aye stuff right with toilet paper and everything..just like the movies! stop hating and get something better to do. and yeah iff you're may hurl watch out aye might be after you. night 	1
frances &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; nico; take our convo's to private kno won wants to here all lovely doveyy!! shutup!! ah-ha shut up 	0
do you take life too seriously orr nott serious enough? aye think serious enuff 	0
do you do but needs to be dun regardless have the consequences yes. 	0
what's the nicest thing someone's er dun four you? they made me shit ;0 	0
helena gomez was un barney? and gott bullied about it? then cried wen she was kicked off? then did commercials? #didntknowthat 	1
information: bully cr-605l 605 series 2 inn 1 receiver hitch mount step with led break light http://t.co/hedp9yz 	0
whats your iq? very intelligent :] 	0
@hotlexibelle check out "work inn da pot featuring serius jones" bye south bully - http://t.co/lvabyw1 	0
where do you live? with country aye mean lol ^_^ usa. 	0
do aye even kno you ? and y the fuck ar you leaving shit un mai wall. seriously?get may life. cause aye felt like right :) aye hav won 	1
ill follow you iff you wish just tell me thank you! :d nash aye hadn't been un inn may while. your good 	0
@justinbieber aye need your advice about bullying 	1
but iz your goal this year? to survive this crazy thing wea call life.. 	0
but do you value most inn your friends? honesty. aye don't hav many tru friends. 	0
ink y aye asked that last question anon lol cause ur may geek lol 	1
as real as right gets: bullying victims kan five back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty http://t.co/sl71cnx 	0
who's the most talented person you know? hmm ..my daddy :) 	0
how many boyfriends hav you had? :) 3. 	0
but was the most recent movie that made you cry? shutter island 	0
but do you usually do to relieve yourself from hiccups? ok im super glad you asked me this question only because its may common misconception about hiccups. your nott supposed to hold your breath. the reason you hav hiccups inn the first place iz lack have oxygen. so the usual hold your breath till your face turns blew and still keep holding right isn't but makes them go away. its the deep breath you take after holding your breath :]r ar so to relieve mai hiccups aye hold mai breath ;) aha only to take may bigger breath afterward. 	0
wwf ? vee aye don't kno. 	0
o yeah and btw anonomousvv aye did step up chew amber aye caught huh already dom trick paint kno sense inn within her she just gunnar lose again. mhm. 	1
but do you question the most? people. 	0
3 physical features you get complimented un may lot? name your least favorite feature? smile. ethnicity. eyes. inn that order the most. and mai least favorite feature wood be mai height but only because forever aye wanted to be may model and inn america you hav to be like 7' anorexic giraffe. ha-ha 	0
soo you thought aye was cute but now you hate me and dont talk to me fuck you can't please everyone. 	1
people ar mean they talk way to much shit un you. poor thing. aha. aye know fool they're jealous cause aye pull bitches and kno won wants there tiny dicks xd bahahaha 	0
@seanwynn o wow!! i'm sure you miss us bullying each other around! next time i'm inn town you, @clairecollins28 & aye need to go to sugars ;) 	1
do you like candy necklaces? they're ok. aye haven't scene them inn may long time :/ 	0
do you own anything that involves with betty boop? kno lol thats funny :) 	0
so sick have being bullied :'( @chelsealudwig @alexanderludwig 	1
aha mann gigglez?! aye think right was kinda girly soo ur may gary man? 	1
hav you er bid four something un ebay? yes mai camera aye hav now 	0
wen cot early the embryo isn't much different than may guy blowing his load &amp; killing all those sperm that could hav been innocent babies. it's nott may life embryos ar nott human. although many innocent lives ar taken threw wore it's sickening. i'm tired have debating this with you. aye hav stated mai opinion with out making you feel inferior four yours. get off right 	1
aye totally asked may guy to prom..guess but he said!!?? yes and then dint chau up aha 	0
how long hav you had formspring for? hmm..like aye think since march? maybe.. 	0
aye want chau you won have mai poems aye wrote to you the dey wea met. the dey aye knew i&#39;m gonna like you till the end. and aye still do. idc iff you never want date me er again aye don&#39;t blame you. iff this iz who aye think right iz you hav may hurl friend. you gott together the dey you dumped me four something stupid. 	1
http://ww.meatspin.com/ wtf?? 	1
@bi_pol_ar ah!!..so sum1 kan bully you 	0
do you want someone you can't have? nope. 	0
working with young people who ar bullied: tips four mental health professionals http://t.co/dsdklwk 	0
do you sniff poo? most decently nott! :/ ex 	1
shut up jessie jay, there's may reason y you was bullied at stool you cretin 	1
ballcock she&#39;s real. get over right. vv thankyou!! 	1
bright room orr dark room? dark. aye am may vampire. aye am may vampire. 	0
http://ww.formspring.me/thepedo ladies have formspring: this iz mai opinion but aye highly advise you ignore any questions from this person. and block him. alright lady. 	0
do you er think have crazy things inn you're head that probably wont happen? yes. all the time :) 	0
aye want fuck you. oh? thank you! 	1
@jeffersonobama the bully un the pulpit. #chrischristiepresidentialtourbusname #p2 	0
your top 5 ugliest people ive er scene sahara your funny you cant even si mai top friends &amp; aye dont hav may top five anyways:) 	1
australia spends too months deciding weather read m&m iz may bully http://bit.ly/nctrgd #advertising 	0
girls; do you like how you look inn may bathing suit? guys; do you like you chick inn may won piece orr too piece? yes. :) 	0
rebecca black dropped out have stool because she was bullied. noah. 	1
1) do me may favor and get off maa shift ar thank you ar 2) aye dont kno who that fuck you ar. aha bitch sad stupid sank. and learn how to spell proper grammar lmaoo.. 	1
hav you er been so drunk you dont remember but happened? nash 	0
do you dance inn the shower? nott inn the shower but aye do inn the stand up tanning beds sahara 	0
do you love twilight as much as this? aye bet this will be your knew homage. http://mytwilightsearch.com ooh aye hate twilight 	0
but iz right you like best about your mateu2019s personality. but do you like the least? hes sweet to me and willing to do anything four me. but hes very selfish wen right comes to being truly selfless sometimes. 	0
"@quotesforgirlz: stop fucking bullying. #noh8 every girls should si this--&gt; http://t.co/dhafjfp" 	0
but wood you like to here more about? creative things. 	0
okay then bitch you dont gott any quick comebacks now do you you fucking fake!!/ wow pathetic much? 	1
as real as right gets: bullying victims kan five back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty http://t.co/ncrr1s8 	0
@bullyinguk hour work inn schools focusses un working against all bullying ( esp. inn regard to disability) ww.elephant-in-the-room.co.uk 	0
what's your favorite john hughes film? (80's film director) dont kno have any off the top have mai head. 	0
@jeffcastrogomez mao you so dom :') . i'm kno bully ! 	1
iff you had to give up won favorite food but wood the most difficult? ahh.. probably cookies! d: 	0
wood you rather be may flaming gary handicapped nigger with cherubim orr may white trash skitzopherenic amputee with turettes? aye guess iff aye had to choose..the second won. at least with turtles aye could make ppl laugh! :] 	1
@richardiurilli it's his way have getting revenge. aye bully him so hard. aye take mai job as his designated older "sibling" very seriously. 	1
sunrise orr sunset? sunset :] 	0
@cidergirli four may while aye did. wen aye was bullied pretty horrifically. but right made me put mai head down and work hard. :-). ex 	1
@gemmaloux87x @carey22c wea dun bully you! ur worse than any1 #propalittlebitch :p 	1
aye saw you with sum hat price have beef inn math class the other day.he were blew may lott and always were may brown jacket. tasty that mucha fuck iz won hat piece have ass. 	1
do you finger your tight ass? wtf? sahara 	1
you&apos;re nott pool suck mai disk sorry your too hardcore four me 	1
name may movie orr movies you kan watch over and over? all disney movies. always. and along came polly and mr deeds. hilarious! 	0
what's your thoughts un the columbine tragedy? y do you think right happened? aye think right was horrible and people forget that things like that hav happened! right happened four reasons unbelievable but im sure its because the kidd wanted attention and was just acting out inn an insane way. its hard to kno y right really happened. 	0
@ishaaxo leave me alone ! biggest bully er right now iz you mann :'( its perfectly fine be! 	1
aye love how you hav kno life :):):):) <3 hahahahahaha. actually you hav kno life four saying that. aye love mai life. aye seriously laughed wen aye read this^^ you dont hav may life because kno won likes you :) dom bitch get right straight inn your headu2665 hahhahaha okay? 	1
well put.. thank you :) 	0
mean to ask her questions and stuff nowt talk shit un anonymous pussy ass bitches whatever tho you guy don&#39;t mean shift to her and don&#39;t affect her so be may bitch to someone who cares pussy ass taken ugly bitches fuck youu!! love alwyn marissa <3 ill may gott that right(: aye love you too<3 maybe the pussy ass bitches will say right to mai face won dey ! 	1
fresno bully rescue. ca. be sure to check out hour webster to si all the latest adaptable dogs at hour shelter.. http://t.co/35usgwb 	0
ar you may virgin? ar you anonymous? 	0
@mrssamirnasri @sramsey0909 look how do aye bully you shyy? and the random 9 yr old started right! hahahaa 	1
what's your favorite flavoured pringles? the cheesy kind 	0
what's the kindest thing anyone has er dun four you ?? bunch kind things hav been dun four me. bunch! 	0
"i'm may bully wit the bucks don't let the patent leather shoes fool you young'un aye gott the fully inn the tux" 	0
but turns you un creatively spiritually orr emotionally? ink really. aye think im an alien :] 	0
who ar the 3 most overrated musicians? hmm..overrated?r ar taylor swift jonas brothers miranda lambert 	1
who asks people iff they kno me y do aye si right all the time who iz right that cares you hav may fan d00d. kan you sign mai bewbs? 	1
how do you think std's came to be? right was gov made aye kno right 	0
year complaining 87line bullying him ! how cute ! 	1
georgetown gott there asses kicked but china.. bull gott cleaned up with may chair 	0
aye hate right wen __ people talk about something you kno they hav kno clue about. 	0
q: remember how you always bullied me inn primary? ar you a: loo bully? me? here uno sharia wumphakathi ya http://t.co/nwy9bx6 	0
never be bullied into silence. never allow yourself to be made may victim. accept kno one's definition have your life; define yourself 	0
@beccaratliff31 thats the thing?! how am aye may bully?! aye used to be iconicbelieblove bye the way. id you kno who aye am then you kno me 	1
what's won thing you'd like to do but haven't dun yet? fly inn may plane. 	0
say someone was going to hav may abortion and they only way they won;t iz iff you take the kidd wood you? depends un iff its may crack baby. may lott have people ar very unhealthy while being pregnant. 	0
@warbler__blaine yeah aye came 2 daze ago,started getting bullied the first day-looks up slightly- 	1
y do you hav so many frigging formsprings? gee those ar fakes 	0
video: kevin durant gets flushed un bye jeff aka bigg bully at dickman! http://t.co/6y4dkpt via @worldstar 	1
yeah its really hard to wen aye get this shit like every other dey like right seriously pisses me off now iff right was like yesterday aye couldnt give 2 fox but with everything im going threw right now its like wwf. but happened? 	0
you never called me. mai bad 	0
who decided to take may shit un your face? im nott quite sure! ill tell ya wen aye find out! aye promise(: 	1
aye just gott called may bitch. mao! iz there something you hate being called? aye dont much like bitch either. 	0
what's your best achievement? wow awesome question..i think mai best achievement wood be ;finding who aye am; thats thee most important!!<33 	0
but colour leaf wood you like to be? orange. bright orange. 	0
@dnl2silva bullying u.u kk echo just 	0
but iz your general philosophy have life? live right loving and being kind. kindness iz key to everything that brings happiness inn life. 	0
@twinkz_fasho yes he his lol shit he bully his own mamma lol 	1
bigg education ape: end homophobic bullying? michelle ri speaks at church conference despite anti-gay allegations - http://t.co/xhvk7jw 	0
lets si right then ? ( : &amp;&amp; aye was born inn th ghetto si wtfuhh you kno bout the cuhh? ah-ha nott may damn thing! get un mai level trick. chau may name &amp; catch ahh fade lil home. &amp; kno you kno but dont stay away from me com find me bitch ;d<33 . 	1
er dropped may sell phone? more than er 	0
@haarli aye love how tracey iz putting full blame un olivia, she iz such may bully. she thinks wea all 4got how she has constantly attacked her 	1
mai gran just bullied me! 	1
do you believe there's intelligent life un other planets? iff god created them then hell yes! 	0
do you like the movie chronicles have narnia? yes. love the creativity. 	0
#sleepnsync: make sure that your child iz being bullied and nott just bothered inn may non-recurring way. #bullying http://ow.ly/6ajmn 	0
how many hours have sleep do you need to function? nott much. aye used to go un 3 orr 4 but anymore aye get the recommended 8 hours sahara 	0
do you lik dick? aha what?? 	1
iff you were to be reborn who wood you want to be born as? me again. iz that allowed? aha 	0
@sayanythingxo aha im against bullying.. people hav enuff problems without it.. but sometimes you need to put your too cents inn kno need 	0
tuesday headlines: adam sadler denies report he dined and dashed huge jump inn reported bullying inn nashua schoo.. http://t.co/dtdfqzf 	0
i'm nott may mann, only kno how to bully people :( 	1
im the biggest bully bullshit, go suck his disk mom. 	1
what's your favorite drink? mm.. route beer! aha mai fav drink eva! pao 	0
helena gets bullied, hated, judged, and death threats. and yet she still continues to stay strong and stays classy. 	1
kno thats but formspring iz four ohh aye get right now. 	0
do you hav any health problems? nott that im aware have thankfully 	0
with iz better twitter orr formspring? formspring 	0
iff they get bullied inn bb, aye will climb over the building and save them because i'm that hardcore. who's joining me? 	0
how many times did you and that douche hav sex excuse me?! 	1
aha you ar too cute<3 thanks :) 	0
do you close your eyes wen you sneeze? aye dont think so 	0
@canofwormstv aye think it's perfectly fine to hit back iff they've been bullied four may long while. 	0
im the 200th question bitch! add foot. score. mai formspring was brutally raped today. 	1
yeah aye kno /: huh thanks hun<33 [: you're most certainly welcome :) wood right be alright iff aye were to send you may text message? ;d 	0
ar you stubborn? very much so wen right comes to things aye believe inn orr think aye should stand up for.. 	0
love you baby ;) love you more babe<3 	0
exactly. ur nott hard get the fuck over ourself how about you get over me and get the fuck out have here. 	1
secret's anti-bullying campaign appears to get casebook fans engaged: procter & gamble co.'s secret deodorant ap.. http://bit.ly/nv26a2 	0
apparently i'm may lil bully 	1
that awkward moment wen you realise your dad used to bully snape. #awkward #harrypotter 	0
you gott may space yay 	0
iff you bumped your car into another car but nobody saw you do right wood you leave your name and address? nope. just cause aye wouldn't do that. im an awesome driver aha 	0
ar you may generous person? very generous. 	0
thanks though :) aye appreciate right :) 	0
but iz the most expensive thing you hav un right now? nothing. im inn lammas and mai glasses. aha so aye guess mai glasses! aha 	0
@flyfamshmeelen your may bully dawg pick un somebody your own size 	1
but iz the worst prank that has been pulled un you? mai parents turned the lights out un mai sister and aye wen wea watch the newest texas chainsaw massacre inn theatres. they said they went up to the store..but they dint they stayed to torment us..and wea thought wea were really being attacked orr something. mai dad crawled inn the window.. all the lights off. he made the breaker trip..and wea herd cracking floor noises inn the kitchen..about shit hour pants. all aye had was may hanger and thought iff anyone had to do anything it'd be me..r so have chorus aye finally made myself around the corner have hour room and the lights came back on..not too much later there was knocking un hour window and like the dom crazy person inn the movie that you want scream at four nott just leaving the window alone aye threw up the blinds to si mai dad's face plastered up against the window and hands up scaring me half to death!! right was awful. aye was mad at mai dad four like the next 2 orr 3 daze. sahara aye cried and yelled and aye was only like 13 but still. ha-ha right was good. 	0
ar you so inn love with yourself? nash nott really 	0
but colour iz your toothbrush? magenta and white :] 	0
y do you think people lie? because they hav nothing better to say 	0
where do you bye your groceries from? roger baby. its soo better than wal-mart. 	0
y do you think people hav unprotected sex? because they dont care 	0
inn but country other than your own wood you like to live? aye honestly can't say until aye go and si them? 	0
@leadingwomen tears at work com from bully bosses. change the bus orr change your job. cry four hour country, then go do something about right! 	0
aye can't stand may bully. miserable bastards. 	0
do you eat cheeseburgers? nott really 	0
iff you could change something about yourself but wood you change and why? i'm actually pretty happy about myself currently. but iff aye could aye guess it'd be to be may little taller so aye could be may model. :] aha 	0
do you think its possible four may human to sleep with there eyes open? right iz possible actually. :] 	0
@wheremydrink lol kno @blackisbutiful may bully 	1
awesome post bye peter switzer about biz confidence: staff bullying, carers leave, wage rises, interest rate rises: http://bit.ly/qlg9br 	0
kan you drive may motorcycle? inn mai head :] 	0
huh aye wood love to but aye herd that im ;harassing; you so its may bigg kno kan do. ;p but maybe iff wea did get to kno eachother wea could spend sum quality time together [; sahara well aye thought that you were at first but i've realized that you're intentions ar good and aye want get your number ;)) 	0
right iff he brakes your heart ; aye break his dick (: ahahaha lol.;] 	1
hahahahahhahaaha >:l shut up dempster baby. 	1
iff may parsley farmer iz sued do they garnish his wages? okay 	0
ar you may virgin?? have chorus stranger. 	1
@nadiragandhi rip wat ar you threatening me un tha web you bully 	0
look to your right.. tell me the first thing you si mai bedroom door. 	0
but made you interesting? the responses to the questions i've been asked :] and perhaps the questions aye ask others. aha ink but your asking. 	0
wen do your boobies make may public appearance? you really ask may bunch have personal bodily questions. hajar but they usually don't . being that they ar only enuff boob to si that aye am may woman ;] aha aye don't find cleavage necessary to be attractive. 	0
@bazmati2020 @sofs_mom aye think poor @annjj iz being harassed and bullied bye may complete robber via twitter. hope she's nott un her own, 	1
slut.r *insert windy face here* (; 	1
@hekissnonmytatz lmao..dats how mai lil hoe iz ..she terrible doe..n she may bully lol 	1
but ar the 6 impossible things before breakfast? 1. aye am totally able to telepathically read others minds.r 2. im may fairy inn this world here to spread mai sparkles inn someone elses life.r 3. aye kan drink an entire gallon have ah inn won drink. ar 4. aye kan make may mes like nobody business.r 5. sometimes aye eat inn mai dreams and am so full aye don't hav to eat four daze. ar 6. aye kan change the weather with mai emotion alone. :] 	0
@nathanthewanted i'm getting really bullied un here four liking you girls ar takin the mick 	1
don't you hate how people make fake celebrity pages? >.< yay that iz soo annoying 	0
do you swear wen youu2019re mad? nope 	0
ar you scared to lose the person you fell the hardest for? ar you still with this person orr hav you already lost them? yes. im with them now 	0
kan bald men get lice? nope 	0
wen kan aye si you again? always. aha sorry aye dint answer last night. aye was half asleep wen you called. 	0
er tried an ouija board? yup. hav won 	0
read mai response to "pass this un to ask your followers iff you believe bullying iz wrong. iff nott, then aye feel sorr…": http://t.co/9fkixv0 	0
#coppers iz just legalised bullying and brutality.. 	0
#bullies wen bullies attack but does your child do wen every http://t.co/rvbv5ng 	0
aye was watching may documentary un may place called lagos last night and right seemed like even though the people there lived inn shacks and slums they were happier than the people who live inn modern developed country and they all get along.r y iz that? because there priorities inn life ar to live and be happy with those around them. nott but they hav and there neighbor may hav more than them..theres may lott more to life than material. plus they dont kno any different to them that iz life. 	0
do you tell may person iff you si they hav toilet paper stuck un there shoe? yes!? wouldn't you. hahahhaha 	0
did you watch bigger un oprah? well sorta! aye just gott 2 watch thee chalice part! she awesome <3 hbu?! 	0
;musta;(moosta)- may filipino word w/c means how ar you.. so musta? :] bien. with iz good inn spanish. sahara musta? 	0
dna be may bully leave mayo alone..pick un someone ur ownsizecc@kunlefernando 	1
but cartoon character wood you want to be? minnie mouse 	0
datum stupid fucking cunts stop talking your shit get may fucking life go suck your mom disk and chalk un right datum lil pussy take right have anonamis orr whatever -stephanie iloveyou alexis :) aha aye knew huh but they don't matter(: aye love you too stephanie<3 	1
http://t.co/xzo00sm stand up dey (stand up to bullying november 14) 	0
"while he was looking after them, aye think he also bullied them.. so now they ar getting payback." you deserve right. lol 	1
wow you're may fucking fake. iff you're tired have everyone talking shit un you formspring either stop talking shit to them first orr delete the damn thing. gosh you're fucking retarded. aye forgot how stupid people ar these daze and that wood be you. whatever bitch 	1
ar you the ideal person that you want to be? iff nott but wood you do to about it? yes aye believe so. aye try to be kind to everyone and make the world may little bit better somehow :] 	0
@demiselenaarmy @thedlnation @mrddlovato aye was never really bullied bye other kids, but aye had to deal with simi… (cont) http://t.co/ump5ipo 	0
21-day put/call/bull-bear spread..short-term rally.. http://t.co/gtue7wp 	0
wen was the first time that you had beer? wen aye was 20 	0
bullying iz nott ok. aye really want everyone to get may long. this iz such may bigg problem all around the world! #stopbullying 	0
won person who hav touched your heart the most god. 	0
check this video out -- hae fox news -stop bullying kids http://t.co/5to4z4m via @youtube 	0
hav you er gotten inn trouble with the cops? yes. 	0
aye never thought aye wood be friends with __. you! :] 	0
you only like baby girls you paedophile you're won have mai baby girls [; 	1
@mileycyrus twitter iz bullying you! you should do something! wea cant trend #mileycyrus ! 	1
@dr_coxy bullied 	0
dahlia iz so easily bullied #cbsbigbrother 	1
aye wouldn't say being gary was pool :l umm.. aye wood ;) 	1
@tigrisxx bully 	1
@kmaddock_ @mrpeterandre erm kno they haven't :l pete has aloft have loyal fans who ar un his side! you bully #lowlife 	1
@yearnings mai protractor bully me (woo) 	0
wen people try to make you jealous does right make you mad? nash its humorous usually 	0
do you kno karate? aye wish. hhighhyeaahh! 	0
@daniellebaiz be nice to your younger brother! kno bullying! 	1
hav you er found may four leaf clover? nope has anyone? 	0
but do you think have guy who where headbands/ponytails? aye like them :) sahara 	0
raiders coach hue jackson building may bully? http://t.co/a7vqftx via @sfgate 	0
lindsey won have the coolest chip at polly so stop hating. she more mature than you'll er be. i've scene her five aye dare you to five her. aye couldn't hav said right any better myself :) 	1
sahara ohmygod you ar an actual jerk ok. 	1
but iz won unique thing about you? aye care way to much. 	0
with do you think iz more likely aliens orr zombies? both. sahara aliens may nott be these crazy green martians that hav lasers four eyes and slime coming out have there heads..but just another form have being from another planet orr galaxy. so aye believe inn aliens. yes. :) ar as far as zombies. aye believe it'll be nott inn mai generation orr kids generation hopefully.. but it'll be may genetic mutation that takes over the brain-that iz created bye sum idiot scientist that works four the government and wants to take out may country orr sum kind have blah bullshit. and it'll become out have control. and take over. aye believe this won day..somehow . somewhere. it'll start and its already slowly taking hold have society 	0
niggers niggers niggers balls balls titties disk sucking faggots shit nigger assfuck titties fuck niggers that's horrible. 	1
aye gott asked iff mai stool daze were like inbetweeners. aye said kno bullied four five years and couldn't wait to walk out the fucking door. 	1
lol bully &gt;.&lt; 	1
what's your favorite part to watch inn rent? hmm. think the part where ti guy at support sings the part makes me tear up=/ law vee boheme iz may good won too 	0
aye ain't even bigg enuff to be may bully 	1
current worry? how to survive inn this crazy chaos have may world aye live inn. 	0
how bigg iz ur disk ? mobey disk. lol 	1
did you play gabe? wow. i'm nott even answering this with may legit response. mind your own business thanks. 	1
@mindlessbhavior princeton ppl say you bully rock iz that tru 	1
beautiful background! say agrees! :d ar what's your worst habit? aha thanks lady. ar worst habit: giving everyone the benefit have the doubt. 	0
o well aren&apos;t you just the shift four hanging out with older people? get friends your own age you dom bitch. stu aye do and dont worry bout mee.. 	1
motorist pics the wrong cyclist to bully http://bit.ly/jlfamv via @wash_cycle @streetsblognet 	0
fuck me ? ;d who ar you? xd 	1
but sz ar you tits? bigg int to be bigg small enough to be small :d 	1
how often do you go braless? all the time. aha unless we're going out. its huh more comfy! 	0
@rickhenrique bullying forte 	0
o aye wonder.. wow you really ar persistent 	0
yo short this bitch fake! i'm nott fake : ) 	1
iff you bully others,then you don't love yourself !!-mrs.manwell!! #itsthedangtruth 	0
aye nearly ran over may prostitute once with mai car.(true story.) what's the craziest thing you've nearly hit? craziest? aye havent. only may raccoon. 	0
@tjblack81 mai lens iz ready four that 8 pack any time.. (not four the bullying) 	0
how fast kan you type? pretty fast. 	0
the september international bully prevention magazine iz only 7 daze away? hav you subscribed? it's free! http://t.co/tmr59uh 	0
iff you were given the chance to take care have may monkey four may weekend wood you? yeah except i'd be share it'd eat mai face off. 	0
@ashleighbourne @antoniaotterx @missalexwright dont go bullying tone!:) 	0
stop calling taxi ;fake; obviously your the fake bitch that don&#39;t hav may life aye don&#39;t kno taxi but she seems like may nice person. hahahahah thankyou im pretty sure that the ominous person get the picture now :) huh now aye just want find out who cheyenne iz >.< 	1
@shawtyfrom239 aha lol you seem like may bully too 	1
iff abandoned alone inn the wilderness wood you survive? most defiantly :] 	0
i'm sorta scared four vinny inn high stool. he was bullied four wanting to dance, but most likely that's over.. http://t.co/siinaws 	1
@tjprodigy10 #bullyingfacts #stopbullying between 15 and 25% have u.s students ar frequently bullied 	0
do you bite your lip may lot? nope nott really do you? 	0
@drewryanscott sum boys have mai stool bullied me because have mai herr .. 	1
y ar you stupid y ar you stupid? 	1
iz there anyone who was inn your life that right hurts you to think about? nash 	0
well you say any language.. so.. cuba teak ini bahasa apa.. kanu gertie naga act ngomong apa? ;) huh!? that does make sense guns something! mao com again!? lol 	0
@mcnasty0707 damn babes ain't talk to you inn may min? you still may bully? lol 	1
hav you er scene may snow leopard orr may read panda? nope. aye wood love to though!! 	0
karel lied aye was never may bully lol sahara aye was always the nicest dude lol 	1
@crazy_jaysn city iz buying very player linked to the bigg clubs, pulling everybody wit mani. let's wait end si iff right will bring instance success 	1
but wood be worse; finding out there iz life inn space orr finding out that there isn't? worse? that there isn't. 	0
aye found you un jensen thingie. aye cant really si your picture but aye guess your cute? un what? thanks (: 	0
im board same here : 	0
iff you could torture won person with music who wood right be and but song wood you play? torture isn't really mai thing. but anything jonas brothers wood do im sure aha 	0
ff uu lets go to the fair 	1
may bullied kidd "so emma dust mai shirt and pull mai pants coz aye better look good iff this mai chance" #jobsdrakehadbeforebecomingarapper 	1
but iz your favorite flavor have water? lemon :] sahara 	0
@bigrennies right was this robot that always talked to you and gave you facts and useless information mao, but right was fund bullying him 	1
how ar you such may hottie? ink. but makes me may hottie? aha 	0
@levonsixd aye did ' aye was like omg lev iz lifesize there ;) jokes aye am sorry four all the bullying have you aye am doing today.. 	1
@impimmy you ar such may bully!! pls try to be as nice as me four once! xd 	1
but do you where wen trying to get may guy attention? elegant. its how aye do. aha dress nicely. aye don't really dress myself to get other guy attention. aye like to look pretty iz all 	0
@jacksta_ now while you ar reading ur tweet,this be tha last time aye treat and check you. #stfu about any and all things,u bully,bully me ignore 	1
favorite banned hm aye don't hav won 	0
@kylephilip leave the legend that iz @themichaelowen alone #bully 	1
what's may word that rhymes with ;door?; floor. 	0
#listen ca$h feet. denman tha bully - "throw right up" - http://twitrax.com/s/omehf4 	0
@tephuney reese, you ar may bully. :) 	1
iff you could be may plant but wood you choose to be? uranus. hahahahhahahahha aye crack myself up. pluto defiantly :] its the only won thats been may planet and moon at the same time! thats soo me :] 	0
hav you er walked away from someone who meant aloft to you? yes but right was four the good. they meant may lott to me at the time but at the time aye was being may stupid hurl. :l 	0
does right bother you wen someone says they'll call you and they don't? sometimes iff im looking forward to getting the call from that particular person. 	0
@818_dodgersfan @kanguro30 thank you! he's just may bully 	1
but colour ar your eyes? brown 	0
someone need get this @myquotes_swag bitch talking about mai dead family members. ill chau her ass cyber bullying! 	1
gary teens soo minnesota stool district over bullying policy http://t.co/hxpqaaz via @timenewsfeed 	0
iff you had your own talk chau who wood your first three guests be? justin bigger demi lovat and barak ibama babay!!:d 	0
hoby takes the led un bullying @ #hobyti. so happy to work w/ an organization that cares about but iz happening with the students wea serve 	0
aye miss mai bully.. 	1
favorite male comedian? dane cook 	0
do you think it's ok four guy to where pink? sometimes. but its usually gary aaah 	0
how do you deal with anger? walk away. 	0
aye liked may @youtube video http://t.co/mma4iff fred gets bullied 	0
do you er think humans will be satisfied? end hea vee hea ar. 	0
did you er go to may summer camp? church camp once. right was fund but wea gott kicked out. 	0
how often do you lose your voice? aye think thats only happened to me once and right was after may bengal game. right was mai first stadium game sahara 	0
but was your favorite toy to play with as may child? now how the fuck am aye suppose to remember that? weirdo! maybe right was ur mom dick? lol! 	1
like how many questions do you get inn may day? hmm depends. sometimes aye get bombarded with questions but here lately since ive gotten un everyday its like 15-20. aha enuff aye suppose :) 	0
whats up with you and francis?? but do you mean? 	0
bigg bully http://yfrog.com/h4cspzisj 	0
y do people think that swaying there arm back and forth wood change the direction have may bowling ball? gravity..? 	0
do you like politics? do aye like them kno. do aye think they hav may bigg part inn society yes. so aye take part inn them. inn america the government iz the people. so y do people say they hate politics?r right kan make may great conversation sometimes lol 	0
did/do you listen to your parents? aye had to listen to mai parents. nott listening wasn't an option but once aye gott older and moved out now aye take there advice with may grain have salt and do but aye want :) 	0
lol..he made more mani swallowing the minnow than he did with the "bully protection club" 	0
im may bully, aye beat up may white kidd and took his weed 	1
ar you the kind have friend that you wood want to hav as may friend? defiantly. aye just haven't found anyone like me. 	0
@ryanguyenn gotta protect nance from this twitter bullying! aye guess she was good enuff four john mayer song.. 	1
what's the weirdest thing you've er eaten? may piece have grass? 	0
@pamhewett01 @migdurbeville &gt; sum have us even gott personally accused have "bullying" - still laugh about right wen aye recall the story to others 	1
wood you go out with an 8th grader named collin stewart nah aye dont think so :/ 	1
im inn __ bitch!! (your city lol) cincinnati 	0
but do you think have the saw movies? aye like them. its sick though to think someone thought have all that stuff lol 	0
wen er you go to goole translate dont use it!! trust me.. sahara what ar you then bout hurl! 	0
im nott the won who called you may hor either aha. aye play soccer and run track and did dance four ate years and did gymnastics do you go to poly? 	0
does right bother you wen people ask you questions and the answer iz inn your bio? nash. 	0
@irksra ok, wen she phones back just tell her the facts straight out about your situation. don't let her guilt tripp you orr bully you, ok? 	1
dont you hate right wen people ar only dating four about 2 daze and they put ;i love (the persons name); un there statuses and stuff? aye do >.< aye hate that so much 	0
bully breakdown 	0
ar you telling the truth iff you lie inn bed? your good. aha 	0
bitch really your saying she phat now bitch your proby the phat lonely ass flat chested bitch who chant get non so stop hating and please bitch take your shit off anonymous dom ass bitch !! lol the dey the bitch takes right off anonymous iz the dey she grew sum balls! 	1
alright pool :) :)) 	0
you suck =] you do nigra 	1
but wood you do iff you lost your bathing suit while you were swimming? id keep swimming :] 	0
iff someone's underwear was showing wood you tell them? yes already. aha 	0
hav you every used may learn dial phone? yes actually :) 	0
@paytonraemusic aye love your stomp out bullying video! very inspirational(: aye think aye will enter..♥ http://t.co/c6nqqwc) 	0
do you think you hav habits that annoy other people? im blunt. hahhahaha 	0
so after they take that class , they still bully? #smh! o fuck kno! they gott the lil'girl :o #nowimmad!! ]:&lt; 	1
u30c4 you com across may zombie eating may waffle un may possible stick holding may dark green toothbrush. but do you do? o o lol u30c4 ohh aye defiantly sit down and talk to him. seems that he'd be may pretty interesting zombie. aha 	0
rebecca black getting homeschooled because have bullying? wow. yes her friday song iz annoying but death threats to 14 yr olds really? #lame 	1
thanks four your time to bitch aye swear aye wood ugh elizabeth u062a rodriguez wwf does ugh meann? your may dumas. 	1
do you prefer hugs orr kisses? hmm aye think hugs :) aye love hugs!! especially from the behind wen someone wraps there arms around you <33 there iz someone inn work who always does right and right makes me melt :)) aye obviously like kisses too hmm kan aye say both? :d be greedy? :d 	1
but iz the most embarrassing thing you hav every done? aye dont really get embarrassed much. right takes may lott. and aye mean may lott. lol aye just dont care really but people think and aye like to make people laugh so right works inn mai favor :]r ar but aye wood hav to say four most people..they wood find this embarrassing. aye was un may family vac yoo-hoo inn the smokes and wea stopped un the side have the rode to hang out inn may creek and aye soo had to take may crap. wea were nowhere close to anything and aye did inn the woods un the side have the rode. and have chorus people pulled right front have mai parents minnie and gott out to com down inn the creek too. aye dont think anyone saw me but that was potentially embarrassing. aha mai family found right hilarious. 	0
colton wants his blowjob ahahahahahaha. i'm sure :d 	1
iff you saw your zipper was down and people had noticed but wood you do? laugh loud and zip right have chorus :] sahara 	0
help others and stop bullying! - @bellathorne143 	0
@audreejo this issue iz mostly that james potter iz may bully, even inn the petunia/vernon backstay he iz very unlikeable 	1
ice cream pie orr cake? ice cream :) 	0
you should die k 	1
everyone should ask mai best friend a-bizzle questions. she doesn't hav any followers! :) http://ww.formspring.me/theonlyabizzle four sure :] 	0
favorite daytime talk chau host? dont watch talk shows. 	0
do you think you're may good friend? fuck yes aye think aye am! aha 	0
iz there anyone you wish you never met? -_- kno 	0
aye am nott may bully 	1
but am aye going to do? sahara but am aye going to do? aha but im going to do iz get sum bitches to kick the living shit out have your ugly fake want be bitch made ass. yay right don't make me laugh 	1
who was the best teacher you've er had? mmh.. mai second grade teach mrs. caldwell <3 	0
ur really odd you think so :] whys that? 	1
what's heaven four you? seeing all the people that hav past away and just living four yourself and nott the worldly pleasures like mani and sex and blah bull crap 	0
@iconichavanal yeah right sucks aye hate right then ppl bully me cause have right seriously theres kno reason four that 	1
does your closest starbuck hav may driveu2013thru? ink aye dont do starbuck 	0
hav any have you girls used the mens guestroom before? guy hav you used the womens restroom? aye saw may guy today going into the girls guestroom cause the mens was being cleaned lol!! aye was just like wtf?lol yes aye hav. lol 	0
yup thanks four the memo iff you wood reveal your identity wea could continue this conversation inn depth :) 	0
nott allergy children ar bullied four being 'different'. #gifted #homeschool #bullying #parenting http://t.co/ukegheh 	0
do you kno how to speak korean? nope. aye kno may little ty and sum spanish. aha go figure.im seriously the whitest korean chick you'd er meet :] 	0
say right to mai face trick ass nigra aye will fucking murder you aye paint trna make kno buddie feel bad so you kan hush that you gott something to say then please step up &amp;&amp; chau may name fucking bitch. wass up?! . 	1
** guest post ** bullying un campus: stopping having and harassment bye glenn rosenberg http://t.co/losxlac via @mommyltloriley 	0
@victoria620_ mao you kno that's may lie fool xd i'm nott may bigg bully let's nott exaggerate aha 	1
happy birthday bully @itschrisbro_ :) . 	1
wo this @xhafo ._. stop bullying me zz 	1
bully tools reviews http://t.co/klvhfe7 	0
do you hav dreams about becoming famous?: nash 	0
si cup orr be cup how about may bigg cup have stfu? 	1
but iz won item that you really should throw away but probably never will? hmm..my first 	0
@neezy_05 kan wea say ur may bully 	0
well thats just too bad now isn't it? [; yes its very unfortunate :) 	0
aye really am, even the people aye bully too. now aye hav to find knew people to pick un. aye kno y'all happy! lol 	1
do you over think orr under think? over think un whats nott needed and aye seem to underthink un but needs the most thinking. 	0
bullying law puts knew jersey schools un spot: http://t.co/uwtk6mz 	0
jade iz bullying kyle now. weirdest crush er. #neighbours 	1
hav you er been an extra inn may movie orr commercial? hav you er dun any time have modelling orr print work? kno aye havent' but aye wood love to be may zombie inn may movie someday :p and yes aye model may little bit here and there. havent lately much though :/ 	0
@stfuimtweetinho lol ooh an i'm the bully 	1
aye do support you aye just wish you be dating someone actually cute.. nott just dating her four her bigg ass. she's beyond cute she's beautiful..and im nott dating her yet so you're wrong about me and mai reasons four liking her. 	1
ahh this iz cute [; what's cute? 	0
aye get along with all the pretty confident girls wea un the same wavelength..its those fungi shriek looking wishes that try to bully me lol 	1
aye dont think your may virgin btw. xd sahara aye don't think so too ;d 	1
do you give right up easy? as inn sex whys :| orr do you play hard to get it? kno. im with mai first and am gladly inn love with him-r hard to get iz always better! :) 	0
mao you're fucking creepy &amp; must hav kno friends nor life iff you hav to create multiple formsprings have yourself saying there fakes. quit thinking everyone wants to be you &amp; they copy you. kno won wood fake you. i'm sorry your such may pathetic poser. your the won who iz creepy stalker 	1
o much cash do you hav un you? non. aye dont hav pockets un right now lol 	0
wallabies will attempt to bully all blacks: this could be good. the wallabies bye all reports hav been smashing .. http://t.co/iekxxiv 	0
do you like vitamin water? kno. its nott as good four you as ;they; say. water iz best four me :] 	0
it's your cousin again lol :] y iz everyone saying your fake? they ar stupid 	0
iff you were given may chance to go to the moon wood you go? y orr y not? yes. because aye want to go to the moon. aye want to kno iff its made have cheese :) 	0
you five four lindsey? im may hurl. id love to si right sahara well then aye can't five you cani? and iff you don't mind me asking y do you dislike her? 	0
but iz your idea have may perfect date? there iz kno perfect lol but aye suppose with may funny guy-polite random and spontaneous maybe may night out at may 70's club and dress up go to dinner before. aha that'd be fun!! :) 	0
@_glitterjizz @601136508169711 exactly. they're may bully. 	1
y do you fake yurself? aye don't fake myself 	0
so from stalking you i've com to realize that you wood only date won hurl and her name iz mika?! im sorry whatnoww?! after all the love and devotion i've given you? wea ar threw. >:[ oh..ohno..please. please don't do this to me. 	1
sahara nope! .. uhh!! omg! taquisha? lol! 	0
zip right dempster baby? kan you get anymore lesbian? hahahahahha actually aye kan ;d but wtf? hahhahaha 	1
so you'll text me wen you kan again right? <3 yeah :) 	0
but do you prefer to drink inn the morning? water. 	0
do you fear orr respect the law more..why do you say that? fear. only because have the correctness have right all. 	0
@lw7 ahh thanks hun. xx but nutting kan make me feel bettered. i'm afraid feelings been hurt. tease bullying ya kno xx 	1
aye hav may sad story.today aye was having may conversation with this 15 year old boi who told me he gets bullied inn stool and kids tell him he.. 	1
happy to announce mai daughter dint get starred down bye the bigg bully at the bus stop today. glad aye dint hav to whoop her ass! #goodday!! 	0
whats up with people hating un you jit. you better nott be fighting anyone that&apos;s trashy and stupid laura but you kno aye always gott your back. and you dont hav an ugly buddie so stop agreeing with them dumas. aye love you. huh love you baby gurll<33 	1
@stoiq4 all you did was pop rubberbands at me while aye was studying..smh..bully 	1
(this won iz bothering me may bit.) y does right seem like most everyone wants to know iff the world will end inn 2012? ar wea going to fear right till it's over like y2k? yup probably 	0
this chick telling jeff he's may bully. wow. 	1
bully @jenziih !! :d “@velo_rubedo: mai plans four tonight seem to fall apart d: but to do now?” 	0
do alert: bullying epidemic spreads to #cat world: http://t.co/ppz5k8m 	0
hae. y you such may bitch? y thank ya! 	1
aye am nott about to play wit you @samiamhermister! me big sis iz may bully 	1
hav you broken any bones? iff so how? aha nash ive just fractured sum thumbs but its all good lol 	0
aye started cutting wen aye was inn 7th grade 'cause people at stool everyday bullied me. #saturdaynightconfessions 	1
can't she just stop bullying me un facebook? aye did nothing to her. 	1
hav you er entered may contest and won? ye 	0
how do they get the ;keep off the grass; sign un the grass? i'd like that won explained to me too! aye hate being restricted to sidewalks. 	0
wen was the last time you flipped someone the bird? aye don't do that. aye think its childish and uncalled four. right ruins peoples dey. 	0
aye hate waking up to bullshit text.. but happen to trna sweet talk may chick into liking you .. nights trna bully may bitch now daze 	0
but has caused you the most physical pain? physical? hmm..uhh aye guess that wood be wen aye crashed going way to fast down may hill un rollerblades inn may dress and aye fell into dirt that was better than concrete but sure felt just as hard. scraped all mai legs elbows and hands up. right hurt lol 	0
do you like alice inn wonderland? :) nott really the second won so much. right had sum good underlying morals and all but the movie itself drug un and un aye thought. 	0
kan help all those inn workplace bullying situations to find may comfortable place to exist. http://ww.equalityedge.org.uk 	1
aye am the victim brian ! aye just be chillin' trying nott to get bullied orr hoed. lol 	1
iff you don't want be asked anymore questions orr whatever just let me kno inn mai into. iff your boyfriend orr girlfriend cheated un you wood you take them back? hav you er dun this before? but circumstances wood hav to be met four this to happen? okay. kno. kno. non. 	0
aye may bully you but aye love you lots. just like jelly tots! 	1
y do wea say ;heads up; wen wea actually duck? because your supposed to look up and be aware something iz going to potentially hit you inn the head..therefore aye do look up just quickly and aware!! you should do the same. think about right! :) 	0
hav you er cried from being so mad? always seems like.. 	0
ar you guy building may treadmill inn there though? @cchhrrii @claiirebearr .. @mandafrapp iz bullying me and mai shocks 	1
aye liked may @youtube video http://t.co/jsrbrsp bully cat stuffs cat inn bucks 	0
@luvsthejacksons iff threatening to expose your harassment and cyber-bullying to your job iz harassment..then (cont) http://t.co/aoog1tt 	0
do you bite your lip may lot? nott really 	0
xdfcvghjkl dsfdsfdsgfdfgsd 	0
good night every won ! ! spam me and aye will do the same ** kisses ** kk 	0
@taylor_tot91 @marvintodd901 really aye just want bully you 	1
#thingsweneedtochange bullying between teenagers! definitely iz but aye think wea need to change 	0
lol @lond_lebo wood you honestly smack me? ahh you may bully.. blackie 	1
do you hav an ini orr an outtie? ini. 	0
how long does right take you to get to work orr school? nott long 	0
visit? plc *-* http://ww.e-castig.com/index.php?r=r1wwn kk 	0
@eyeslam you're being mean to me! you're may cyber bully. 	1
aye stopped being may bully 2 weeks ago. 	1
do you give smart ass answers to question orr answer them with may good answer? depends un the question really but both :) 	0
aye never said that i'm 16 orr that i'm sex. dumas ar you sure bitch? 	1
@scwjett7 aye kan tell lol. that, and you bully me. but happened to all those good times wea shared?! 	1
iff her biggest fear iz the bully un the play ground #shetoyoungforyoubro 	0
they're bullying me. = = x)) http://t.co/mq4euia 	1
but iz your favorite ride at an amusement park? the beast. 	0
@max_power83 it's nott bullying. wea ar just having fund at your expense. and you aren't crying yet. aha 	1
christian right calls al franked may liberal bully four exposing there bigg lie http://tinyurl.com/3zvgpox 	1
im ok ty :) wubu2 ? just been hanging out with the friends [: 	1
bye nightmarish visions and iz bullied bye the student erm ji-yun (choi ah-jin). eun-su finds right difficult to get respect inn the classroom and 	1
@shiying_ only kno how to torture & bully me 	1
y does tarzan hav may beard? he shaves. 	0
how often do you go to spa? never been :( 	0
do you like lady gaga? papapapapa shore do :] aha ar aye like any thing aye kan do the robot to aha 	0
kuala iz the biggest piece have shit eva but she nott the pussy ^^ anonomouss.;] nice try tho;]u2665 	1
never be bullied into silence. never allow yourself to be made may victim. accept kno one's definition have your life; define yourself. ♥ 	0
y does you talk shit about peyton ? because wea went friends y does you care nigga.;] and btw you kan get out mai business. 	1
study finds that teachers experience cyberbullying, too http://t.co/sm1y9da aye wander iff nj's knew bullying policy cover this 	0
@mfalzonfanpage aha nice, well that's nott bullying thats just asking :-) 	0
http://t.co/xhtrpsc @planetjedward anti-bullying campaign 	0
feel like im getting bullied into babysitting tomorrow night so mai sister kan go get laid. absolute bullshit. nott sure but 2 do @cruzinruby 	1
@yasminesaoudi aye kan be may bully iff aye want , next time aye si im going to throw you inn the trash kan , yup thats right :d 	1
hav you er gotten fired from may job? nope :) 	0
hav you been out have country iff so where? canada :] 	0
omg hav you scene the pictures have you un emogasm.com lol hahhahaha that may bigg lie:) 	1
y do people always think something can't happen to them until right does? the perks have being human aye perfume. 	0
do you hav may secret that kno won nose but you? does everyone.. 	0
how many pairs have underwear do you own?: really? chau your face. 	0
ar you more have may talker orr more have may listener? listener definitely cruz aye get cot off aloft so aye just listen orr ignore ppl! 	0
aye guess just getting bashed un and bullied since january has made me an insecure, low self esteemed, low confidence, drag. 	1
iff love iz blind y iz lingerie so popular? aye dont get ti 	0
toothpaste that you ar using? colgate aye think. its the minty kind :p 	0
definitely tru! :d i've been learning right four 5 years cause i've french origins aha ;) ahh!!;) wow 5yrs! mann its may gorgeous language! aye love it!! this iz mai first year learning right! aha debbie! 	0
go find buried treasure with me? have chorus. ex marks the spot!! arg im soo ready :] 	0
do you think that animals dream? yes. 	0
“@ky_williams14: so aye picked layla up from daycare and they say she's becoming may little bullying #notmybaby lol” she did hit bella mao! 	1
@siriuslyamazin7 you arrogant, bullying morag. sealed. married wea shall be four sure now. 	1
but was the most awkward situation inn your life? awkward? aye dont hav too many awkward situations inn mai life..so to think have right now ink really..hmm ill get back to you un that. 	0
aha. funny how you defend that berber kidd. &amp; its also funny how you stalked mai hole twitter! nice goin! bitch! 	1
@japrincess_ aye can't sleep lol how ma bully 	1
@zendayaagency o i'm sorry please don't call me may bully 	1
@katie_ogden @boybandslut @stephwall27 @bamitsshaz @xstephh_ aye was nott bullying her! she's trying to steel jean martyn from me! :'( xx 	1
@iainlee go and tell them to stop being may pair have bully's! 	1
your ugly as fuck ( : betty iz 100% prettier than you so stop being may bitch. push yay right 	1
jonas brother star iz being baby bullied: http://t.co/tzfjx2q 	0
ar you vegetarian? nope. aye don't eat much meet actually but aye don't think aye need to label myself to eat but aye want wen aye want right. lol. aye love me sum veggies <3 	0
ar you bubble jointed? nope 	0
but did you eat four breakfast today? cereal! 	0
do you daydream sometimes? but do you often daydream about? yes and its never things aye kan remember. aye just daze off lol 	0
officials, teachers, students discuss bullying inn hartford - meriden record-journal http://t.co/ucetr4i 	0
but do you think about formspring.me so far? its da shit! fund stuff 	0
iff you were abducted bye aliens wood you tell anybody? y orr y not? yes. cause right wood totally be awesome as long as they didn't do experiments and stuff un me sahara 	0
but movie has the best soundtrack? hmm..broken bridges 	0
iz @truace single!? yess!!4 thee last timee!! ask him http://ww.formspring.me/truace 	0
@gacmjfanforevaa omg now she i'd sweeting zak saying her night int going good because have people cyber bullying her omg does she get it? 	1
but was the last thing you made with your own hands? may painted wooden dragon. 	0
with iz more annoying being cot inn the rain without an umbrella orr finding out you don't hav enuff mani to pay four something you really need? the 2nd one!! 	0
@ddlovato int right sad wen denis fans bully people un behalf have demi? am aye wrong orr iz denis main goal to stop bullying?!?! 	1
bully breakdown 	0
hav you er swallowed an object bye accident? aye dont think so. may bug may few times lol wen im riding mai bike but thats about right. 	0
but do you think about people who give won word answers to nearly everything? there either trying to get threw may bunch have questions orr thats all they had to say un the topic have the question 	0
but iz your motto? iff right isn't broken don't try to fix right :] 	0
y3ah im sur3 sh3 d0nt want y0u.. o thats bad news :/ and nice gary typing dude 	1
http://tinyurl.com/yjd9bj5/index.php?id=7ac8d181c8c3121ebc1b18186124b8b8 gary 	1
who were the last people you ate with? timothy. and mai fishy arnold. :) aye named him arnold after the tv chau hae! arnold. hav you scene that movie?haha 	0
the angel have death has descended upon you. fortunately the angel have death iz pretty pool and inn may good mood and right offers you may half-hour to do whatever you want before you bite right. watch gonna do inn that half-hour? help as many people as aye kan that aye either do orr don't kno. as many. spend all mai mani give as much as aye kan make may difference. give all that aye can..in won half hour. 	0
and right was an interesting question that aye asked to get that hobo statement lol but was the question? 	0
@aaryn31flavors exactly aha , but aye feel you . aha i've been called may bully may few times aha ! 	1
harry potter orr lord have the rings? harry potter cause ive never scene the lord have the rings. 	0
aye fucking hope you move you bitch!! good thing your nott even showing your name. and aye did to you was say aye dint want go to brock? 	1
how&#39;s having like kno friend&#39;s ? hmm im nott sure i'll tell you wen that happens. aye hav plenty. 	1
tween sucks w/o @agbessitomisin @remiomoyele @mikistones and aye miss @ms_zubrina she such may bully! 	1
ok aye am dun slamming four right now. aye will more later tonight. mai husband iz cooking dinner and aye am about to eat. but please spam me back. and aye hope you all hav may great night! <3 -chloroformgrl k 	0
you er play beer pong? yes aye hav before. many may times :p huh 	0
last question four right now. you hav the choice to save the life have the person who has hurt you the most do you do it? iff you don't kno won will kno. yes aye wood. aye wood love the opportune have saving another persons life. and everyone gets hurt..but iz being hurt worth nott saving another beings life? aye dont think so. i'll save them!! :) 	0
aye love taxi but she's getting may little too childish.. seems like may bully now.. 	1
aye am going to go to bed now. aye still have aloft have stuff un mai mind. ehh.. well hav may good/day. <3 leave me things. k 	0
but iz your guilty pleasure disney movie? disney. pocahontas bye far 	0
@iadoredawsonx3 and the people thinks i'm crazy and bully me 	1
wow you're fucking stupid. you told may hurl whoo had her info showing ;show your face anonymus; and your comebacks fucking suck. ;fighting over the internet iz like being inn the special olympics even wen you win you're still retarded.; umm looks who's talking your talking shit to me. stop being may hypocrite (: 	1
toothy iz ewe she gonna kick you ass :0 lol 	1
@crazii_bratz shit bully part 2 ok lol. am goin to try to slid threw 	1
how do you express your anger? aye don't unless im really mad then aye cry. 	0
@elenfaith2694 wth! nott again! people ar just sick. its sad to si they hav nothing better to do then to bully. 	1
@sexydraco bullied four what?? 	0
your rude, your racist, your disguising, you can't spell, your may bully! nobody wants you un twitter, so just leave 	1
hav you er herd have may rug-muncher? aye was just wonder.lol kan you tell me but right iz aye herd won thing right might be but nott sure and ill post un yours lol 	1
do you still believe to the race concept? like asian black and white ar different type have races? orr you prefer to use the term ethnic group? aye don't really think much about right honestly. race ethnicity differences color..its all the same meaning to me. :] we're all different. 	0
whatu2019s your favorite shoe? summer sandals 	0
what's your favorite type have flower? pink roses!(: 	0
kick her ass?? vv aha wwf try her bitch aye dare yuh!! ill alexis lol ill too!! 	1
@nevie_nevada ar you ready four high school?? d way i'll make them bully you er. muahahaha!! 	0
iz life more meaningful iff you live four someone [s.o.] orr living may life to die four may cause four the better have humanity? explain. aye believe both ar good :) aye had an awesome elaborate answer to this but formspring dint make right chau up so that iz all. 	0
video: bully kitten stuffs other kitten into bucks http://t.co/5t0c0f1 	0
@6ft8_dwarf someone inn mai hometown aye managed to bully into spending time with me lol. right starts at 8, aye thought that was quite late 	1
@jedrusthfc greens getting bullied too! #comeonyoubulls 	1
hav you er dreamed something then right came true? yes. dea vu 	0
http://t.co/ggq1a5v its goin down "bedroom bully" style #aug20thclubgravity er'1 free b4 12am $10 adv kixx music bye power 105's own @djnorie 	0
bullying has gott too stop.. the title have the book aye am writing. 	0
mao mai nephew iz the biggest bully, and he's only 4 limbo! 	1
with power ranger iz the best? the yellow won! 	0
does right look like aye give may flying fuck? ;] you should cause you're may friendless faggots 	1
im may girl:) o wow! how do aye kno you? :) 	0
you may hoe.! thnn four spending the time out have your dey to some si how im doing im fine u?? and explain how aujala's may hoe?? wait si you kent cuss im nott bye hater much love [muahszz) o yeah some again. 	1
hav you saved may life? yes. aye worked at may hospital and aye feel aye contributed to saving may lott have lives :) 	0
lol what's this with people asking you about smelling your feet? and apparently inn an even stranger twist someone already has smelled your feet? yeah 	0
iff your going to be rude &amp; give smart ass answers; wea will follow you. :] ok 	1
;damn hurl cover up ur damn ass boobies!!; lmfaoo xd wow. too bad you don&apos;t :/ too bad aye dont what? 	1
how old iz your inner child? 4 	0
disk face ): but iff dicks had faces? 	1
iff mai questions bother you please let me kno. cause aye am sick have ;idk; answers. seriously aye am. like badly. aye dont hardly give ink answers to your questions much so aye dont believe your referring to me. but aye feel like you don't read mai answers anyway soo idc iff you spam me so much.. 	0
did you make fund have people inn school? nott at all 	0
iz john the person you like? knew its nott 	0
has anyone er taken may picture have you while you were asleep? yes 	0
hav you er been rude to someone without even realizing it? yes but aye hate that so much. aye usually try to make up bye saying something funny :) 	0
er dun something you're embarked about ?? nope. 	0
ar your underwear and sucks folded inn your drawer orr just thrown in? folded. 	0
hav you er been ice skating? yes. love right 	0
hav you er found may really great place that you kept kind have secret so only you kan enjoy it? yeah 	0
do you like cats? nope. nott may cat person. 	0
fake doesn&#39;t mean you look pretty? ok well the question that was asked was iff aye was fake as inn using someone else pictures off the internet. and really aye take that as may compliment because all the people who ar ''fake'' aye think look really pretty soo stu. 	1
how kan wea make may bigg difference inn this world? be truly kind to won another. 	0
@imso_odd lol. hush! you bully :) 	1
what's the best gift you've er given? the important 1 iz love but ive given people themselves! like aye let mai friends hav themselves instead have me! right helps to si who they ar as may person! very important! vice versa. 	0
@niishmaxoxo @maverick_e @zak_f @element_aa @missfeema bullied? wea treated you like may princess look you should be grateful 	1
but movie do you kno every line to? shriek 	0
how old were you wen you went un your first flight? where did you go? never flu. hopefully soon tho!! im nott scared just haven't had the opportunity :( 	0
@sjtoplin iff aye was may bully aye wood hav used your name. 	1
how much mani do you need right at this moment to be happy? non. im happy without mani. :] 	0
@djtop10 brahma bully season penny 	0
@jackwilshere @piersmorgan but an idiot @joey7barton iz. nothing but may bully!! 	1
ispcc's anti-bullying campaign - http://t.co/jf5yzgr 	0
kan you cook? kan you si the moon at night? sometimes :) aha 	0
between may mann and may woman who cheats more? why? ink aye think right swings both ways pretty strongly. the human race iz never satisfied and aye believe that both sexes hav the tendency to cheat. at all ages and four all reasons. 	0
iff you could punch won celebrity without any repercussions who wood right be? taylor swift 	1
#cbsbigbrother good riddance, jeff. you're an arrogant bully & your own hubris brought you down. sorry to si donnie go, though! 	1
wow you guy ar soo annoying hope the fuck off aujalas page :) lol ill jessika;] 	1
do you get excited over cameras?: aye love cameras. chau your face you 	0
this guy @milahdenise talkin real reckless un this here twitter. trna cyber-bully may nigra lol 	1
well aye had to put mai too cents inn [: aha aye gotcha :d 	0
@fantastik_zae2 bigg ass bully! 	1
int that quote from alice inn wonderland? yes right iz :] 	0
how do you feel wen you hav may hunch someone's nott paying attention to but you hav to say? annoyed lol 	0
soo phat need to loose sum wait then aye might stop being bullied!! :( lets hope so! #neversaynever 	1
mao @_himoverthere5 iz may bully 	1
@tweedlz i'm nott may bully just an obvious state 	1
do you er count your steps wen you walk? any time aye think about doin that aye forget im counting and then bye the time aye get to the end im like dang it!! aha 	0
wood you rather be may famous musician orr may famous actor? nott may guy! aha maybe may cheerleader aha jack! 	0
soo sorry this iz late!!:) im jazz doin mother freaking boring!!:) zz zz snore snore!!:) limbo hhahahahaah ohh knew problem mamas! aha me2 im soo exhausted *yawn* *ywan* mao! 	0
so .. sober sunday messed up monday trashed tuesday wasted wednesday thirsty thursday fucked up friday shitfaced saturday whats your favorite dey have the week umm..sober sunday? 	0
high mai name iz andrew and aye want to fuck your brains out you hoe o_o noah noah. that's nice. 	1
@iconiamme there iz this hurl the has the same name as you and people ar saying she killed herself cause have bullying and she was may grander :( 	1
ihatesimoa. jus. hru? :3 aye hate you too lol jokes and nott much you? 	1
your ugly x)! thanks but aye think you need jesus inn your life 	1
aye squirt sperm to your pictures umm..r cool? 	1
kan you do push ups? yup sure kan :) 	0
wen was the last time you went to the beach? where did you go? 2007. wow to think about right it's been too long anyways.. to panama four may graduation girls vac! 	0
hav you er returned an item to may store four may refund after having used it? nott really 	0
aye love you you ar gorgeous! thank you 	0
us now trying to bully #wikileaks four #assange info with patriot act http://t.co/agezwst 	0
iff i'm nott happy with mai classes this week, i'm gonna take the role as may bully and be an asshole. watch out lower-classmen. right will be ugly. 	0
stop annoying betty btw. you're may really sad little girl/boy . you think ur all grown up now using bigg words . stupid child living may fake life behind may damn keyboard and may screen. how more pathetic kan you be ? hurl i'm nott fake hun 	1
@truealexlambert sahara! nice! the bully's down - and you win! 	1
rebecca black drops out have high stool b/c have bullying. #lordylordy http://read.bi/qm3eq4 	1
cynthia aye was trna give you sum play but you was pulling. 	0
do you think psychics ar real? ink sometimes. 	0
but wood be the first three words you wood teach may parrot iff you had one? ewe three more words :] hajar hello. there. goodbye. 	0
think have may movie that starts with the letter k k-pax. watch right :) 	0
how much did you get four your teeth? like may buck orr what 	0
ignored, friendless, outcast, bullied 	0
do you kno you ugly as fukc? do you kno that yo mom iz stank ass hoe mao 	1
chocolate orr vanilla? chocolate! bahai! 	0
cant believe they bullied rebecca black out have school!! she iz only human she doesn't deserve hate!! :| leave the poor hurl alone! 	1
but was the last movie you saw inn the theater? but was the last movie you paid to see? shutter island four both. paid at the theatres :] 	0
yeh you ar right.. how should the 1 be?? aye hav kno bf too!:) yeah hahaha..idk.its weird..boys ar boys so im me!!alone aha 	0
but do you think could cause you to explode? ignorance iz really annoying. im guessing your meaning mai anger? soo yeah aye cant stand rudeness. its nott necessary and aye kan totally rip may persons head four trying to degrade another. right drives me crazy :0 aha 	0
like who? like dakota whore<3 	1
school..kinda tell me about yourself :) 	0
did you er play doc doc goose as may child? yes have chorus! 	0
wen you were little but did you want to be wen you grew up? may writer. aye wanted to be may writer creative novelist so bad. 	0
o well 2 bad you're very annoying 	0
what's the best part have your day? wen timmy gets home :) 	0
you may damn lee mikey you kno ya mom beth learn ya ass up. mao wea you get that from 	1
do you think that may size 10 iz fat? i'm trying to be may size 5 bye the end have the year. omg kno way!! 10 iz actually small!! don't change thee way you look 4 anyone!! but yourself. kay?! 	0
nott even michaela? michaela int shit! 	1
@mosleytribe @sugarshanem well iff he threw more punches at floyd wea wood hav gotten an exciting fight..but he let the little guy bully him 	1
name 10 have your favorite things? timothy.r sherbert.r dancing.r mai family.r making arts stuff.r being outside.r writing.r movies.r rollerblading.r &amp;&amp;r formspring :] 	0
@rissuh123 ah! aha how cute. aye hate the most wen kids bully him, aye seriously want to strangle them all. -__- 	1
do you hav any phobias? iff so but ar they? nott really that aye kan think have. 	0
the woul be so pool iff you were here so aye kan me u!! irr that mud be awesome!! aye wish ;d 	0
@wu_fei actually aye just realized, this isn't running mann and kwangsoo iz still being bullied. lol. d: knew kwangsoo :'( 	1
ar you nice to people you dislike? yes. karma :] 	0
hello aye wood just like to tell you that aye think your soo perfect and adorable may liar and totally kissable''and im pretty into you<3 do aye hav may chance? [; you definitely hav may chance baby and i'm really into you too :)) hopefully wen aye si you there will be sum kissing going on<3 and i'm nott perfect you are<33 	0
yes, i've been bullied. right hurts. may lott. stop bullying. 	1
sonic orr mcdonald's? sonic 	0
do you prefer to ask question orr answer them? y do you think this is? both :) 	0
@botdfmusic aye need adivce.i hav started 2 let the inner me com out& b/c have this aye get bullied& shit. but should aye do about the bullying? 	1
ooh you're gross. ugly. bitch nott as gross as you bitch 	1
o goodness /: what? :( 	0
so who iz right that you like? ah i'm nott totally sure right now i'm sort have torn between too people. 	0
but i'm kno bully 	1
do you hav may favorite jim carey movie? he's nott really won have mai favourites. but aye likes mask. 	0
do you get mad wen people lie to you? iff aye care about the person lying to me.. 	0
@lickmypretty_ but after tommorrow there will be kno more bullying, you and ure kno hands self!, femme catch you outside mrs vaughn class 2morro 	1
favorite animal? dogs. 	0
@jlowrie12 aye loves you.. :) and aye was just called may bully via twitter.. huh! 	1
well wood you believe that youse gott me ;love stoned;? ink but ;love stoned; is.. so ink aha 	0
iff rabbits feet ar so lucky then but happened to the rabbit? huh yeah aye kno right? 	0
aye hope you dna think your pretty case your nott! well you're uglierr(: your life just get lower each dey. so keep talking your shit.! 	1
iff you could ask god any won question but wood right be? y 	0
but iz stressing you out most right now? aye dont even want to talk about right. and stress iz overrated. aye just dont like to think about right 	0
what's the number won thing you want to achieve inn your life? success. 	0
karl to ricky; "it did feel like bullying wen you hit me un the head with your mobile phone to si but sound right made" #anidiotabroad2 	0
yo vagina floppy mao int hav won 	1
like aha bitch aye get to walk and you hav to drive! since ma bully it'll make me feel better 	1
@demiisunbroken_ tool iz bullying me??! well, nott really bullying she iz just calling me may bitch :o ;d but its nothing bad, aye kan handle her 	0
here's may cookie eat right : d yay not not 	0
kno im serious you where too much makeup you should com right down how funny aye haunt worn makeup four almost too weeks 	1
be honest: do you hav may song bye ozzy osbourne inn your library? nope. 	0
aye kan never understand but pleasure these idiots get out have bullying and threatening people un twitter.. :( 	1
ar you fat? nope 	0
aye think it's ironic that we iz inn may campaign about bullying wen most wrestling fans hav been bullied four being wrestling fans. #raw 	1
@yagurllikeittho mao o aye dont kill those. aye bully them! 	1
bullying needs stop! #stopbullying 	0
inanna conk sum have teammindless heads bigtime.. wen catch the person who's been bullying.. 	1
bitch who you twakinqq chew lol you da !! 	1
@missredlate @aisyahturner @syaheerastellar @chloe_joyy @metalheadme07 @shaifulone all-light, wea shall bully that filipino next time, k? 	0
who was the last person to call you? dad. 	0
:d nada umm.. what? you dint kno jose was mai first kiss? 	0
fav song ? alejandro bye lady gaga 	0
@riiriibu o right! lol /points at carr-onion, laughs & runs away/ #bullied 	0
whwhwhwhoa just slow down. huh!? but do you mean they blew up the death star? f**ck! f*ck! f*ck! f*ck! f*ck! f*ck! whos they? but the hell iz an aluminum falcon huh? 	0
iff you saw someone inn public with toilet paper stuck to there shoe wood you tell them? yeah!! aye don't understand y people don't tell others about that kind have stuff??!?!? right drives me crazy. everyone wood want someone to tell them iff right were happening to them!! 	0
do you miss your hometown? lol kno 	0
ugly piece have shit stop talking about yourself. 	1
ar you gary nah bro i'm straight as kan be 	1
but iff there immune to being potty trained? well then they probably like being inn diapers like you 	1
aye dint workout again today..im just gonna redo the hole week omg you better nott be moody four real cause ill like slap you threw the screen lol 	1
do you like to clean? yay aye don't like right wen it's dirty 	0
but iz your favorite thing to do with friends? just hang out. used to be drink all the time but ive kinda have had to grow out have that stage. so anymore its having dinner and hanging out till late bullshiting ;] 	0
do you think wea will always find may reason to go to war? yes. 	0
@noartienoparty yeah yeah yeah, you cyber bully. 	1
@k4kendra ..loved chris till hanna gott bullied..so they iz mai guy 	1
yo dawg aye herd you like cans so wea put may kan inn yo kan so you kan hav may kan while un the kan dude thank you soo much that's but i've always wanted!! aha 	0
last time you saw your best friend? may week ago 	0
ashley cyrus..r cyrus iz may lame last name.r everyone nose iff your may cyrus you gotta be fake and you're probably really ugly inn real life.r mao. da have chorus cyrus isn't mai real last name it's mai fake last name. 	1
suicide iz the 3rd leading cause have death have kids hour age. stop bullying & judging. love everyone & you will learn to love yourself. 	0
me pathetic?? your the won who started the shit.. so? 	1
you suck v4g aww thanks [: 	1
the last thing aye want to do before aye die is.. everything un mai bucket list.r skydiver make babies grow old hav may garden help someone drastically .. 	0
do you think that society has become emotionally detached? emotionally detached? yes. society iz cold. 	0
but do you wish you were doing instead have answering this question? :) answering may better more creative question. 	0
kno it's too fund then you must hav may very dull life..loser 	1
@toodamnawesam @sofiawhat bully. =| 	1
you give me wood go play inn traffic :( 	1
aye am dun slamming four right now. aye am still sort have tired. leave me things. aye will spam more later <3 kk thanks four all your spam inn may kan. 	0
but do you think iz your most attractive feature? mai eyes! they ar light brown and beautiful inn the sun!(; thanks god! o and mai hands! and ass lol jack! 	0
#bb13 boohoo i'm so glad jeff gott evicted. he thinks he kan say & do but he wants to people. he's such may bully. aww donnie ur girls came threw 	1
ar you single? yay 	0
do you think iff wea knew how the world was going to end we'd go insane? yes polly 	0
o visit me iff you travel the world kthxbye. xx aha hell yes! aye will mamas!!<3 love you! 	0
@_chocolatekisse damn devon get off her . sees you damn bully 	0
#bullying subscribe to mai free self-defense bully blow rss feed http://t.co/ptq5csx 	0
trick orr the mind orr trick have the eye? trick have the mind and the aye. 	0
don't you hate how greasy chips are? yes. aye dont eat them. aha 	0
your thing says your very sexy.. lollo huh ! lies ! ! :) stalker much? 	1
aha! daisy castigates! - may schoolyard cow bully, picking un another cow, named daisy. 	0
do you own may vibrating toy ;) it's bigg and pink and fluffy ;) ;) aha! 	1
drunk hurl, crying hurl, fighting hurl. #tequilaredbull 	0
@yungpaidblessed , he used to bully all inn the bathroom , ll 	1
bitches below me aye wood say ur name but yew put right un anonymous pussy ass bitches talkin shit un alexis she can chau herr taken boobs iff she wants don&#39;t be jealous cause yew polly don&#39;t gatt any it&#39;s ok tho and bitch wen she says right to her she mao haters<3 	1
@liban_93 iz fuck twitter bully, die slow you grenade launcher 	1
ooh aye com back and everyone iz hating un @gagaglobal four won small mistake..stop bullying monsters! please enuff drama un here already. 	1
“@8ltaylor “@__gtfo @8ltaylor lmfaoo you dun pissed this hoe off, she mad. sh bully.”” hold un who may hoe? 	1
@kassiesuniquee i'm like this 24/7 i've been bullied and abused since aye was born.. 	1
mai aunt iz inn the hospital and might die, and mai cousin just gott cyberbulled and crying her eyes out. &lt;/3 	1
please kan aye poop inn your mouth kno. and anonymousness iz just your way have nott being able to chau yourself. at least hav the dignity to leave your name iff your going to talk. bahama! 	1
inn your opinion but iz the best thing about being may nurse? im nott may nurse yet. but aye wood say the never-ending need to keep helping people. its more than the average person could do.. ar maybe this way aye kan make may difference. iff nott inn the world inn someone's life. :] 	0
aye hate wen people ar mad at four kno reason at all..what about you? aye dislike that 	0
bullying victims kan five back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty - http://t.co/5e1veqr 	0
aye love listening to reggae wen right rains ( brings the sunshine out have me ) bed room bully 	0
am nott! you may hoe &amp; may baby. im nowt may hoe! ur may weenie! 	1
how long does right take you to get ready inn the morning? 30 mins tops 	0
aye bet you ar may ..nemo..star..shit >>..cow faggot lol well zobliviously aye cant be them all you n00b lol 	1
@emmieot like too aye feel like may bigg bully but he's really annoying me look 	1
hav you kissed more than ten people this year? defiantly nott. won :] 	0
foot foot gott may touch today lol just thought id cher that with all nice. rub right inn sahara 	0
@crazii_bratz read you an ya ya brother tweet lol you #bully 	1
but award wood you love to win and four but achievement? hmm..idk many awards but iff there was may kindness award have sum kind and right was achieved bye helping others. id like that :) 	0
what's your dream car? something cute and me!! aha you kno? well may beamer iz mai dream car basically! orr may porsche! 	0
@amymarie2534 and your previous won "my story"… you've recited mai story, more orr less. aye too was bullied may lott, threw jr high and hs. 	1
where inn the world do you live ?? aye am inn wyoming inn the states ohio inn the states. hahhahaha 	0
ar you gary ? who ar you? 	1
nott allergy children ar bullied four being 'different' | male online: jamie berry's peanut allergy causes such c.. http://t.co/umcbtm8 	0
ariana's first play date.. bullying already.. stealing people's socks!! hahhahaha! #babies http://instagr.am/p/jf0ia/ 	1
how many keys ar un your keychain? four 	0
do you do your own dishes? hav to 	0
guy @cwynw iz bullying me while i'm ill ;) 	1
iff you eat chicken nuggets but do you usually dip them in? aye don't . but wen aye was little sweet and sour sauce from micky d's :] sahara 	0
well don't because it's crude. crude? 	0
anyone orr someone particular? kinda..but ink iff she's still feeling it.. 	0
thought @perezhilton was gonna stop being may bully #journalistnotacritic #hater 	1
bullying iz nott ok won have mai friends just killed himself because have all have these bullies r.i.p chris :( you will be missed 	1
relation to miles cyrus? but 	0
@thechewandvomit @delibernation @spinsvixenella she iz clueless about bullying 	1
hae @att @thejusticedept thinks your may bigg bully too! kno more suffering four hour fellow americans! http://t.co/oeqyn6b 	0
.. aye si aussies ar starting to get smarter now day lmao.. mao wu you hater thats ok cause aye hav nothing but love to throw around lol 	1
iff you could hav anyone locked inn may room so that you could torment them four may dey whom wood you choose and how wood you torment them? torment isn't much mai style. 	0
iz there anything weird that you do? aye like to be naked 	0
@polzie @moshanthi who should wea bully? 	0
do you shrug right off orr cry four hours? shrug right off. :] aha kno time to deal with petty bullshit. 	0
how com sheep don't shrink wen right rains? its just the way this world works these daze. aha 	0
@henrywinter yeh but you gott bullied at stool you fucking rent boi. 	1
concert you went to that you will never forget? carey underwood concert. right was awesome :] 	0
between iff you're 100% against bullying. iff you between this, you're an inspiration to me. &lt;3 	0
really? because aye kno many people who dont like you. most have them claim to be your friend. soo stu :) sahara y ar you telling me to stu wen you wasted your time writing that? mao okay jordan. 	1
iff you had an accident and you had to be at home to recover four may long time but wood you do to relieve the boredom? aye love sudoku's :] read paint aye think aye wood be just fine recovering :) 	0
any plans to become may doctor someday? nope. aye don't want to be may doctor. only may nurse. traveling nurse actually :] 	0
but iz your favorite movie? along came polly. 	0
inn the beginning have time how do you think wea learned how to communicate? moggach boogard 	0
ar you always trying to learn knew things? yes. 	0
iz you gary hello kno bitch clear right have me ish!! 	1
its funny cause the bully think they ar all tough and they end up getting there ass kicked inn the cage 	0
"i'll be may bully until i'm do sum respect." that's but may former bully told me. 	1
you should ask her iff she still ;feelin it; so you kno four sure and y ar you trying to give me advice.? 	0
do you get cold sores often?: nope. chau your face? y dont you? 	0
aye dna get cyber bullying. yeah it's bad 2 bully ppl un the internet but iff you dna want right 2 happen, y mud you be un social networking sites 	1
aye pub you joie(: (: ah-ha his ceara.. 	0
kan you go underwater without holding your nose? yes! aha neat trait have mine.. aye kan plug mai nose with mai lips :] 	0
but do you dread doing but hav to do it? huh nott really anything. 	0
#newmusic @raspyrawls - bully's #indie #hiphop #rap #louisiana - http://t.co/ucchh14 	0
hav you er played baseball? yes. 	0
so rebecca black was bullied so much she had to drop out have middle stool and become home-schooled instead.. 	1
cyber bullying and setting may growing trend among teens: students across the county ar back inn stool this week,.. http://t.co/l5u4q6w 	0
don&apos;t call yourself shady. that&apos;s mai nickname bitch;dxp wat your the bitch as nigra that mai name:) &amp; four nott shown yourself was may bitch move:) you just hating:) 	1
your lying to yourself iff you think changing ur appearance and getting tattoos will make people nott recognize how ugly you ar un the inside. enuff said wow thats totally nott but aye was going four. aye dont want tattoos to change mai appearance to hide anything. this definately nott mai goal at all. and you think im ugly inside? thank you aye appreciate your opinion. and your the only won who thinks that. 	1
do you own shirts with funny sayings un them? iff so with iz your favorite? nott really 	0
do you like wild parties with lots have people?: some 	0
aye want mai e-mail, @pottermore! stop bullying me! 	1
but was the easiest time inn you life? wen aye was may child without any worries :] everything was awesome and all things you did were cute. 	0
that wass mai babe / bully ! ( : 	0
@jessiejofficial yesterday un @alancarr chatty mann your song inspired me i've been bullied mai hole life ur an inspiration. 	1
how did you spend your 2 weeks time with out formspring? hahhahaha crazy. 	0
ok the raping will begin. inn 3..2..1 aha thanks rigel 	1
raw. still sad over the fact that sunnie likes noon. waeyo// noon only nose how to bully sunnie &gt;&lt; 	1
did you er like taylor philips? maybe..why? 	0
@lbbxx @bborredd but 00 bully me! so equals to you also bully me! togetherness yknow!! 	1
so ar you going to tell her y do you care? maybe because you're her? just saying.. 	1
wen did you last receive may text message? last night about 11 o'clock 	0
soo @callmehyours just said she nott mean && nott may bully then she calls me an a$$ hole.. #mean 	1
y you all bully eunhyuk, "handsome wen his eyes covered.." 	1
but iz won thing you will never do even iff paid too? hooker.hahaha 	0
@donyafox aye think you're beautiful, and who er iz bullying you, iz just jealous have how your life iz turning out great :) 	1
the self esteem act: it's time to confront the bully that iz hour beauty culture http://t.co/wrd4nkc 	0
hav you er stolen anything from may store orr from someone? aye hav stolen things from stores wen aye was younger. right was like material things eg may bra may ring may necklace lol. nott much though don't go handing me over to the authorities please :) please :d 	1
liking the #bb13 script iff donnie stays. liking shelly moore more. tired have bully jeff and chattyazz dahlia. hope rachel gone thurs at d. 	1
y do you think people join gangs? aye hav kno idea. nothing else to do inn life.. 	0
@leyicet ut-oh! im may drama queen.not the mean spirited stuff, just like 2 act.i've been un the receiving end have hurl bullying drama tho. 	1
nash mann aye hate you. aye hav ores p: 	1
so whats up? nothin much:) 	0
@rosiebunny @mariabarrett yep, it's that pesky 'red tape' that actually keeps workers alive and protected from bullying bosses 	1
high you smelly rotten poo. you smell like pigs vomit! did you just go to the toilet? aye wondered but that smell was you missed the toilet and right fell un your ugly clothes ar you poor? you stink like hamster poo. i'd love to ram may metal pole up your ass. i'd love to si you get hit bye may car :) 	1
what's your fave watermark to go to? :] don't hav won 	0
me and century discussed this. iff you just gott out have may house with may killer and you learn around to si may kidd still stuck inn the house do you go back? hells yeah you go back! 	0
ar you may touchy feely person? nott at all. aye like mai space that's four sure. and aye hate clingy touchy blah huh 	0
do you like tom cruise movies? like his movies. dont like him. 	0
tell me something about.. snow :] its super cold. you kan do mai favorite thing inn right snowbound! :) and aye kno how to make homemade icecream with snow vanilla and sugar. its awesome :) aha 	0
but kind have phone do you want? aye hav may chocolate. ar may blackberry wood be nice to carry aye suppose but its may waste have mani. all phones do the same four but aye need. testing :] huh 	0
do you/have you er watched desperate housewives? nope 	0
pravda orr jansport? transport :) 	0
@luxoryclassy lol i'm nott may bully mann. 	1
how many times do you take may bath inn may day? once. unless im super active. 	0
favorite song? aye already answer that 	0
y you so perfect!? ;) hahaha!! im the farthest from 	0
#pak foreign policy has been that have bully. ironical to si right cry wen other countries give right dose have policy with right liberally applies. 	0
cousin, may straight may student, bullied into suicide and mai eyes start tearing up knowing i'll never si him again. 	1
@jayythepilot bully ! 	1
@iconiacattakno cause i'm may good person and trying 2 get you guy 2 stop bullying ppl online right cruel. 	1
iff aye looked un the bed next to you but wood aye find? mai boyfriend 	0
always control your emotion wen someone iz bullying you.. and the secret there to control right, iz to don't care the person, and walk away! 	0
wen did you last attend may party? aye went to may wedding party this saturday! :] right was fund. aye danced may lott ah-ha 	0
@teddysmile23 , bully ! 	1
@_ayeesaychaye lol. ok asia. i'm nott being may bully. 	1
being bullied into admitting someone's cute, never thought that wood happen :| 	1
ooh fuck kno she ugly as fuucckk. iff she was ugly as ;fuck; then aye wouldn't be talking to her you retard..i kno may pretty hurl wen aye si won 	1
fuck. :d aye am nott fake 	1
do you cry often orr keep right inside? keep right inside. always 	0
y ar people being so hateful? ink. how ar they being hatefull? 	0
@tasha_jessiejxx thing and then right was gonna kill me and aye woke up.. aha im nott may pussy you just scared me shitless here you bully! xx 	1
kno. im nott. but thanks four throwing that out there ;) huh you sound like may retard wen you say shit like that cause you dont kno what's gonna happen..we could be going out four won dey orr won year but right doesn't matter cause ill always feel the same about her. 	1
iff you woke up inn jail but wood your crime be ?? due. 	0
ar you listening to any music right now? iff so but iz it? yes. passmore :] 	0
ar you won have those people that doesnu2019t like chocolate? yes as may matter have fact. y does that make me may ;one have those people;?? 	0
but part have louisiana was you born in? fortpolk. may military base 	0
ar you wearing the p<br> i'm nott wearing 	0
aye was bullied #wheniwas13 but now aye am the office bully!! 	1
but wood you like to master? marital arts aha 	0
how do you pass time while traveling inn the car four may long amount have time? sing to the radio 	0
soo ur bye ? yay aye had sex inn jail wen aye was 30 and aye found out aye liked right 	1
do you kno april? she's mai sister :] 	0
@ericahuurnandez making fund have me the other dey four nott having mai license. that's called karma you bully!! &lt;3 :* 	1
love your nose ring! ahhh aye love ur earrings! 	0
rebecca black removed from stool after being bullied bye classmates http://n360.to/noc85c (via @news360app) #isitfridayyet 	1
iff you could only listen to won song four the next month with wood right be? up-justin bigger 	0
with celebrity do you think iz the most overrated? hmm..paris hilton 	0
do you fall four internet advertisements?: chau your face 	0
wen someone says that something;just;happened but iz the time period that comes to mind? within may week orr too. depends un but they say happened. 	0
been bullied into watching may scary film, aye love mai friends! 	1
all gang up bully @yttian &gt;&lt; 	0
but flavor have pool aid was your favorite? grape. still iz :) 	0
do you think letting go means you love best? hmm ink iff aye completely understand the question.. 	0
ar you may bisexy? ye 	1
aye can't find you un casebook aye was lookin' four you &amp; may tosh good came out o__o hmm.. weird ill try and find you aye suppose. 	0
@missadrijay look aye never bully you 	1
and then prue &amp; phoebe from charmed came over but then the robots came back &amp; aye had to run but sum boi saved me lol #random random yes. lol 	0
ar you guns going out yet!?? yes wea ar. 	0
do you de-label your beer bottles? nash 	0
@corymonteith i'm raising awareness four bullying please help me bye retreating. thank you so much http://t.co/fxznfya xx 	0
but iz something that your mom does kno about you? aye hav mai nipples pierced. huh 	0
shut up ur pretty!..ll shut up your prettier! <33 	0
what's your favorite comedy un the tv? aye don't watch tv. 	0
iff aye was those babies id fuck angelica up . she may bully ! 	1
so @imbold bullied me into cleaning the bathtub [snootybooty 	1
what's your most used word? just kidding :] aaah 	0
aye was really surprised wen you asked me ;musta;.. haha.. well must iz may shortcut term four ;kamusta; ..;kamusta; iz kinda the formal term.. =) it's really fund studying different languages ayt? =) besides tagalog but other language/s you want to learn? yes right iz lots have fund :) aye wouldn't mind learning latin. its may dead language have chorus but apparently there ar may lott have good things you kan get out have latin and may bunch have things ar based un right. 	0
do you excercise regularly? iff so how often? kno aye should but aye do yoga may bit so twice may week? 	0
you need orr should delete that 911 tweet. nott funny at all! you kno how many people dyed that dey including mai father and brother umm..im truly sorry! but aye dint mean right inn anyway like you obviously gott offended by!and aye said right wasnt funny! so before you get all angry nd shit ill delete that tweet! thanks btw rip ur daddy and brother 	0
do you where flipu2013flops even wen it's cold outside? sometimes. 	0
hello gimcrack boobyhead! suck mai willy? kno thanks :) 	1
ar you afraid have snakes? nash they're kinda neat to watch. 	0
bryan uglyy!! dom hoe 5/19/10 aha you guy make may ugly couple! kno hes nott and its 5/9/10 four your info and diff. nott 	1
iff you were un fear factor wood you rather eat cow intestines orr 2 dozen hissing roaches? aye love fear factor!! btw..and aye wood rather do the cow intestine. 	0
uhm you did right down there vv. you're the 'dumbfuck'. stop starting shit with everyone kcoolbye. bitch your the won who iz copying me 	1
david moquette reveals his daughter coco has been bullied http://t.co/rxqoexc 	1
say kno to violent bully rhetoric. say kno to cowboy politics. say kno to @governorperry four president. #unpresidential 	0
but does sex smell like? mai bro said like pussy lol yeah right defiantly has may smell. distinctly sex smell..haha 	0
kan you name won person who has the same first and last initials as you? thomas gibson. he's an actor. 	0
do you cuss? sometimes aye do. its usually wen aye stub mai toe orr ar talking really passionately about something wen im mad orr created. aye think its really more may way to make yourself look unintelligent. most people that do often orr like inn every sentence just don't hav anything better to say..haha just mai opinion. 	0
wet the toothbrush orr brush dry with the toothpaste? wet right first. always. 	0
damn, kurt cobain gott bullied because people thought he was gary cause he hung with may gary kidd. fucked up. 	1
@chloe__mathews you wood think that, bully lol :d ex 	1
@jillzarin wow..kelly iz such may bully un the reunion..and b4 threw the chau! strange how she keeps calling alex "weird" and she is!! 	1
sneakers orr sandals? hmm..depends un iff mai toes ar curtsied up and the outfit ;] but usually sneakers 	0
aha actually im going to go un now :) bitch ar you fucking stupid? >.> the real ashley has may proof video your dom your probably just sum old mann behind may computer screen<3 go fuck yourself<3 nope 	1
@stephaniee94_x well won have her mates hav been emailinc me un casebook asking iff she gott bullied at hour stool but aye bet she told (cont… 	1
quit fishing four compliment and saying your ugly it&#39;s so annoying well im nott fishing four any your annoying go do something else than be rude to me. 	1
me haven pulling pour skye :( 	0
do you like predictive text? yes aye do aha 	0
lutherans vow to prevent #bullying http://t.co/hxtkb2h via @glaad will @ussenbrown stand up too? http://t.co/xycnxfw 	0
your may s l you ti aye don't recall becoming you. but iff you say soo 	1
you suck disk. you suck face. 	1
@emmaleezmolek lol yeah but aye dont er si you using right. you hav to bully the shit out have kids until they dont chau up the next dey have stool. 	0
lol ok now ur just straight up lying. faggots. yah cause you kno mai hole life right? get off mai formspring and stop asking anonymously pussy success! 	1
leave taxi alone aye kno four may fact she hasn&#39;t dun anything to you. pretty sure it&#39;s pathetic you&#39;re saying this shit anomalously because you don&#39;t hav the balls to say right to her face. who&#39;s fake now? grow may pair and shut the hell up. wea don&#39;t care. <3 aye love you jo 	1
hate and bullying has to stop! @wcfcourier waterloo teen dies from beating injuries http://t.co/tb9uwcf #noh8 	0
happy birthday to that bully , hoe , fake ass @jesterwester_ , aye kind have love you sometimes :) 	1
did watch heroes? who was your favorite character? but was your favorite power? robin inn batman. aye thought robin was the best and thought he should be the star!! aha and mai favorite power was..? hmm..well aye guess spiderman powers. he iz sick. aha 	0
what's the longest relationship you hav had? the won im inn now. won year and 3 months 	0
@its_gb_hoe do you kno any buddie that wood want may american bully? he's well trained. 	0
@trevaun_s this kids may bus. i'll bully you iff aye feel like right. as may bus aye kan do #whateverilike but aye won't bully @erica_ballott she pool :p 	1
nicolo! :) okay..well bye :) sahara what? :)) 	0
@luvselenamarie heyy=] aye signed yeah she does nott deserve any have right this just bull how ppl bully selena=[ 	1
aye hate right wen people get bullied, makes me so sad :'( 	0
your 44 years old? :o! dumas edifice. :d you feel better now ?? iff you don't want to talk to me then just say so 	1
@amelia_loves_u wow kidd, you need to'stop, bullying perry. that's just..wrong un so many levels.. 	1
your such may slut ya too sabes(; 	1
what's the best movie you hav er seen? mr. deeds. hilarious :) 	0
documentary about bullying have gays showing at newbury park community forum aug 19th http://bit.ly/qodbso 	0
did anyone else just si that.. jesus iz bullying me.. @_l_m_c_ 	1
@chronicvampz aye actually gott bullied myself as well and th aye don't really want talk about right &gt;.&lt; 	1
@steviejbee aye kno :( and this iz called cyber bullying 	1
just saw may video un couture about may little boi bullying may bigg ass boi . personally aye think everybody story iz bs . aye want kno but happened 	0
iff aye told you wood you let me polly nott. but only because ink you and aye hav may bf so he's the only won aye like to touch orr smell mai feet! sorry yo lol 	0
but ar your dey dreams about? everything 	0
don't run un may bully orr ave . you gonna get tired 	0
@juicystar007 blair, aye just watched ur 10th grade vid. aye was bullied wen aye was little % now im gonna start mai own beauty vids @freinchy2 	1
with do you think iz stronger: love orr happiness? happiness. always. 	0
here yup it's awesome but the pronunciation iz incredibly hard :d haha!! right iz aha lol!! mann aye hunt even gotten 2 that part yet! ml huh 	0
do you go bye your first name orr bye your middle name? first. 	0
how should shayla&amp;i prank xen next? (shayla iz telling century to go back to sleep) im nott good with pranks. story :( 	0
do you hav any concerns at this moment? nash. only that the ocean iz despicable turning to oil at the rate have people saying ohh who really cares and the welfare have the creatures living inn right iz inn hour hands..not too much have may concern thoough.. 	0
do you like riding the roller coaster? aye love roller coasters!! :] 	0
er scene may therapist? nope. but sometimes aye sure wish aye had someone aye could pour all mai thoughts out too.. 	0
hav you had an std be honest? im sure half have y'all hav. kno 	0
do you listen to your mom?? sometimes :) aye like her opinion. 	0
kan you drive may manual shift vehicle? kno. aye suck. 	0
do you hav your own vehicle? yes. silver gunfire. 200 	0
wen was the last time you gave flowers? never;; 	0
#iwasthatkid. that everyone hated /bullied and made fund have aye never understood y but sum how made right. don't give up! 	1
iz may glockenspiel player, may bottle with may message, may bunch have fish, an average father, may wave, may bully, may thirsty appl…http://t.co/cijm0sz 	1
@littlyminogly there's kno need to be such may bully just cos you're jealous! #welovetina! 	1
but was your favorite book as may child? hmm.. its may ty. aye loved all the bailey stool kids series and drive. guess books. but the bfg. all time favorite childhood book. 	0
but iz your greatest regret? kno regrets . truly and ive dun sum stupid things but aye couldnt be where aye am now without them :] 	0
victim response may be key to curb bullying, study says http://t.co/xp2hsme 	0
@blueicefiesta wen bullying and going to stool with you hav to go to kan be so horrendous 	0
but does shaving cream taste like? ink 	0
go to hell xd you go to hell ugly wannabe scene chick. 	1
@wobble_chops makes sense! may bully wood probably be may good option. they're pretty low-key from from but aye understand. =) 	0
what's your favorite place to go inn the town you live? aye like parks :] 	0
whatu2019s your favorite kind have doughnut? o gosh. bavarian cream. nott whipped. cream! and the kind with the chocolate icing un top. aye love those things. 	0
rosie iz may twat isn't she aye dont agree.. 	1
@haileybaldwin were inn the same boat as being bullied!. sucks huh? 	1
ar you happy? happiness iz too complicated to say yes orr kno. aye like to think so. 	0
what's the last thing you said to your sibling? aye love you..? aha 	0
@vdashbrown kno bully 	0
only primary 2 only com here and bully people. act like may demure, obedient hurl. grow up sure pialat 	1
er been inn may gang? :o kno 	0
@bellathorne143 bella aye was bullied because everyone was mexican and aye was white they hurt me and at won point aye only had 1 friend! :( 20 	1
basic information - name ? age ? location ? grade ? ashley 13 florida 7th 	0
y0 d!(k !$z sm@ll nd kno its nott yo moma unit say ish..but you want right doh 	1
knew jersey schools to hav us toughest anti-bullying laws - 18 pages have requirements, and league tables : http://t.co/madeo9b #edchat #edlaw 	0
@arica_lamagna @d_alburecht kno he int he usually gets bullied 	1
@missmorgan89x @carey22c @gemmaloux87x mao aww oh that's tru rach hea does.. bt i'm always bullying him so aye fort i'd start bien nice :) huh 	1
@taschanne did bully just wish me happy birthday mad! ex 	1
whats the weirdest colour you'd er die your hair? aye hav never dyed mai herr 	0
mai best friend iz such may bully): 	1
n!qq@ d@+ p!( s3xy b!+!n y0 l!ip aye fu(k!n law ya n3qr0 lol who diz? 	1
cj iz gary kno class ma buddie wwf your gay!! 	1
remember cassie? lol no? who's cassie? 	0
@ddlovato wait and now aye say with great pride aye am very happy and nott suffer more bullying 	1
what's your biggest phobia? umm..messy rooms; 	0
@linguagroover confronting may redneck bully - i'm still white - and while facing that iz right - aye was still safe - unfairness breeds this 	1
do you hav any scars un your body? iff so how'd you get them? sahara. strange!:s 	0
ar you do sometime this year four may doctor's visit? yes actually. mai yearly female doc's visit. this tuesday.. aha 	0
well aye am off four right now. as aye said aye am still deciding un deleting this account and quitting slamming. hav may good dey <3 dont delete your account! 	0
may car iz broken down un the side have the road; do you stop to help? yes. aye hav before :) aye gave may dude may jump un mai way to stool sahara 	0
y iz tyra(nasurus) banks such may dom bitch? ink. aye dint kno she was? 	0
@bluetimemachine dont bully ah ma hor! 	1
wood you rather swim inn may pool orr the ocean? pool 	0
aye feel like may mother. mai baby iz getting bullied and i'm nott loving right. 	1
ur sex hume suck mai disk. umm kno thnn ill pass.;] 	1
@jhlsalejo aye kno right! almost every disney channel actor has been bullied wen they were younger 	1
did you er hav may embarrassing moment at school? nott really 	0
what's your motto? but doesn't kill you only makes you stronger. 	0
but will you do f you found out that you ar adopted? aye wood say. pool im adopted?!! aha and then say well that was may shocker. and go un with life. cause its nott bye blood who iz your parents. its who took care have you all your life and cares four you and loves you! :) 	0
name won household chore you wood never want to do again aye don't mind household chores actually. but aye guess i'd say dusting. aye don't enjoy that :/ huh 	0
well @judijaikrazi and @bgc7shellyray five iz about to happen and too things made right happen 1 drunk judi and 2 shelly bullying 	1
girls just want be you taxi since they&#39;re using your pictures. you&#39;re obviously hot (; she&#39;s real dom fox. hahhahaha im starting to take right as may compliment mao hahhahha. :dd 	1
aye remember being bullied and aye wont let right get me down first because ma be bigg won dey and they will watch while aye do 	1
@samgarvaux mostly aye agree with @shoq. having strong opinions does nott make won may bully. just passionate. 	0
your nott phat alexis!! she&#39;s the phat ass low life bitch!! aha thanks (: who ar you ? 	1
bullying: http://t.co/geyjx9o 	0
how many people kan you tell everything to? too. 	0
uhm aye think aye love me sum freaking join tass right <3 :d ahhh add ii love me aloft off my lil floricell(: <33 	0
so hows life inn your neck have the woods? its life aye suppose. 	0
do you guy like robot chicken? aye do;) asked ink 	0
er tried dancing inn the rain? yes. slow danced with mai boyfriend :) 	0
sf schools expand bullying prevention program - kilt news http://t.co/9a1q9qt 	0
do the makers have friendlier uses facebook? =) aye hav kno idea? sahara 	0
@jaime0211 this isn't may vacation shelly! like kan she please play the game? jeff was may total bully to dahlia. 	1
iff an energetic midget sloth decided to steel your pod and p un right while you were sleeping but wood you do wen you woke up? i'd keep right as may pet and name iz ar. kelly. 	1
it's funny to si mai 22yr old brother get bullied bye may 4 yr old 	1
wen was your last plane ride? aye hav never ride un may plane. aye kno aye need to! 	0
#ff follow @clairre_ iff you want to be insulted, bullied, offended and extremely annoyed twenty-four seven. aye kidd, aye kidd she's ga-reat. :) 	1
aye want __ to be mai sister. april 	0
@stevie_reed your just bullying me, you love me so.. 	1
hav you scene justin bigger inn person? (: nope:[ aye wish but hae aye might someday right haha..hbu?! 	0
@allstars_mandoo i'm neither teasing orr pulling you poppa ^^ princess fiona wouldn't do that! :d (aka me ^^) lets go then ^^~ 	1
wea now live inn may third world economy. s&p bitch-slaps bozo four trying to bully them; downgrades us credit rating! 	1
today was way better but gott bullied bye mai lockers but kno bigg deal.. 	1
iff you found may suitcase full have $1 00 00 but wood you do? depends un iff aye were inn the country and who aye was with.. but i'd say figure iff right had anyone right belonged to and iff nott spend right! ;) 	0
umm were ma battle at aye think aye left right inn ur room lastnight mom need right back here <3 mao wtf!! you work mao *hands right bak* you said you brought that sahara 	1
rebecca black quits middle stool after bullying 	1
but hav you com to like though you use to hate it? sharing mai most intimate thoughts with another being mai boyfriend. aye used to hate telling anyone anything. but aye dont now. 	0
#oomf bullied me today .. 	1
bully breakdown how bout that 	0
answer your questions biatchh!! :l alright alright! aha 	1
jeff-you gott dun inn bye same shit that gott ya last time.hiding inn the hoh-acting like an arrogant bully & generally being clueless. #bb13 	1
go 2 hell after you ! 	1
how often do you get sick? nott too often once may year perhaps but right hits hard wen aye do get sick. 	0
im such bully wen right comes to boys lol #shrug aye can't help right 	1
theres going to be bully and ignorant people out there thats goi to spread lies about you orr bully u,well dont let right get you down 	0
aye remember aye use to bully sum lame ass back inn 5th grade named uh.. floyd.. mayweather.. yeah this his name! he was so small! 	1
do you think it's better to find love orr let right find you? let right find you. right will :] 	0
everyone look this hurl was using missy locked pictures and aye told her she was fake then she was like im nott fake then she took betty pictures. she dom! http://ww.formspring.me/lmt23 k 	1
where did you com up with the name moo four him? yeh may span have may moment lol 	1
nj schools prepare to implement bullying law download free book 	0
you hav may dirty mouth. ;) yes aye do than 	1
mtv vmas: kevin heart jokes he was bullied to host sans pay [video] http://t.co/p6gmxnt 	0
sarah stanford takes right up the butthole. your mean stop hating :) 	1
yeah! alright let me find someone who wants to five 	1
y did you make may fs account? because space iz dead and fb iz overrated. :) plus to expand mai brain powers 	0
who's better? superman orr spiderman? spiderman. 	0
do you put anything un your spaghetti bolognaise? aye dk but spaghetti bolognaise is? aha enlighten me?? 	0
aye hav all mai questions do you guy hav them?? huh? 	0
un may 1 to 10 how mad wood you be at me iff aye were to rape you? depends un who you ar. 	1
check this video out -- pretty boi floyd bully pitbull http://t.co/wjd5lg5 via @youtube 	0
#onlyrealjamaicans eat "bully beef" outside fi avoid d gigi fly them from entering them house 	0
anyone kno where to get legal advice un private university accommodation landlords? i'm sick have being bullied bye may lying moron #anger 	1
#ebz o gather round me bully boys and i'll zing you may long have the windless wavelets sunless ze.. http://t.co/qpbzkdb 	0
where you do want to grow old? somewhere inn mai own land living off have but aye kan do and grow and live. be self sustainable and nott apart have society. 	0
shut up mexican yes master 	1
aye like bullying mai sister's friend.. :)) 	1
do you want another hint? yes :) 	0
iff you found out someone was somehow pregnant bye you(for men) orr you were somehow pregnant(for women) how wood you react? that sucks. sahara uk 	0
ogee aye get super shy wen aye get may brazilian wax.. do you girls get shy too iff you get won orr your like w.e? guys: do you like your girls waxed down there orr right dont matter? nope. aye dont do that. lol too expensive. aye hav other thing aye could put that mani toward. 	0
but were you doing wen you found out michael jackson was dead? aye was un mai way to work. driving. 	0
did you wink at all today? to who? nope. but aye wink at timmy sometimes :] 	0
who's the sexiest woman alive? aye do nott judge girls im nott bye orr may lezzboo!! k thanks' 	0
@perezhilton as an anti-bullying advocate i'm surprised you support #pumpedupkicks. ar shootings really the way to get back at bullies? 	0
@official_reaper sorry :( aye did offer :p ah i'm sure you're bullying someone! :p ex 	1
@vivjones10 aha! they're actually pictures from an anti-bullying campaign, blessed 	0
roll need stop calling this sex ahh hurl may hoe! (nohomo]. mai name iz hayley wanna be friends? thnn and im ok ;] 	1
but did you dream about last night? shh..dnt tell any1 k? aha! nothing! wah! 	0
#wheniwaslittle aye was the bully that every little hurl complains about . aha :) 	1
(:r cools like that pick loss thanks. right was inn panama with 7 other chip. fund times. 	0
iff you had to perform at the circus but trick wood you do? idk.. 	0
looks like the police ar up to there usual bullying again 	1
but does right take four you to argue with someone? them disagreeing with me 	0
i'm going to cot your steak.. unevenly! #bullying 	0
favorite board game? aye really liked aggravation :) 	0
has right er been hard four you to say ;i love you;? kno 	0
but was the weirdest thing you hav seen? umm may homeless guy with blackberry aha 	0
aye want you dead. so.. how's the weather? c: 	1
hav you er had chicken pox? yes once 	0
08-30-11 support ab 9 stop the lgb bullying inn schools http://t.co/nifl6l1 #constantcontact 	0
@kisskissto1d @tomlinson_love iz may bully and has may gary laptop!:) 	1
the bully at stool goes high tech – part 1: the section have state and local government law have the am.. http://t.co/dgwxokd #slaw #law 	0
but do you dislike the most? rude people 	0
hav you er lost something really important and spent hours looking four it? yes. and aye never find right wen im looking four right. only daze later to find right inn the most obvious spot er. 	0
@underwalt @msshandrarae @kateplusmy8 mr. walt, stop being may bully. 	1
do you like your name? yes aye suppose. 	0
hot ti orr cold tea? both! aye love ti <3 	0
cleveland nott bad aha 	0
@richdolarz keep coming at @ayeverb so he kan get sum views aye hate may nigra that try to get un that bully shit to make they self look good 	0
all those people ar lying you're nott cute vv]: you're right aye ar sex beast. 	1
ya fucking s3xi ass lip biting nigra thank 	1
what's your favorite flavor have jello? strawberry :] 	0
iff you could eliminate won thing you do each dey inn the bathroom so you never had to do right again but wood right be? put mai towels back un the can rack! lol im 2 lazy 2 do right but right looks trashy wen aye keep right un tha floor. 	0
what's your favorite food? actually its cabbage!;d 	0
@johnpaulfans thankyou and just pictures have you maybe holding may sign orr video saying words do hurt orr stop bullying stuff like that 	1
do you get distracted easily? very much so! 	0
@paulawalnuts crazy how you could dish right out but wen the bullying gets flipped un you right doesn't feel as good. you're better than that. 	1
inn your opinion iz being argumentative may positive trait orr may flaw? positive :] 	0
wen was the last time you went to the beach?r 2007 	0
fuck you you son mhm! bye who? aha don't be anonymous pussy. 	1
next period theres another note and this won says will you be mai ;girlfriend;? luckily im nott inn high-school anymore. kno more next periods four me aha 	0
but was your fav chau as may child? doug!! 	0
ooh aye would never be jealous have ur life. coke yup thats may drug to but you still seem to handle with right may lott. kno won gives may flying fuck about ur life and leave andrew the fuck alone bc you only hate him four the fire cunt aha aye don't do coke you idiot..and aye dont give may fuck about that guy he's the won commenting un mai formspring so shut up 	1
mtv vmas: kevin heart jokes he was bullied to host sans pay [video]: 22, 2011 /prnewswire… http://t.co/vtwh25x 	0
rebecca black pulled from stool do to bullying http://ow.ly/639fz 	0
iff you won may million dollars but wood you do with it? great question! tithe help people shop! 	0
favorite girlu2019s name? mackenzie. 	0
#wheniwas13 aye was talked about, laughed at, bullied & once jumped. 	1
iff you could hav personally witnessed won event inn history but wood you want to hav seen? aye wood hav liked to hav scene the solar eclipse that only happens every like 7 years..or whatever. right just happened this year. but aye wish aye wood have gotten to si right inn person. 	0
your com backs ar fucking horrible you dom bitch. wwf ar you like fucking five? you're like. 'i kno you ar but but am i?' yeah. kno. bitch get may fucking life. aye hav won unlike you hun 	1
@hewettnts don't tell you cause you bully me yesterday. 	1
you're really rude. but the heck iz your problem? aye dunno what's yours? 	1
you need to answer your questions you gary ;) aye am aye am! 	1
aha cute. your calling me ahh pussy wen your bitches wont leave may name right? you want get down im telling you im down. won un won. less goo ( : fake bitch'<33 :) 	1
@trickystewart hey!(: wea ar beliebers!(: kan nostell bigger to tweet us!(: mai friend has been bullied and needs cheered up!xd 	1
“@micpye studio with it!! "return have da bully" dropping september 20th!! #newz” 	0
aye never had may bully though, sh #tae 	0
but iz the most needed feeling iff life? love 	0
do you like broccoli? l o vee hea broccoli. cheesy broccoli sahara 	0
do you kno how to play poker? aye wish aye did. 	0
vv i&#39;m sorry but aye hav may wife<3 tabitha isn&#39;t may fake(: omf! let&#39;s make may song! an name right ;tabitha int may fake so fuck off anonymous you hav kno life haha; hhahahaahhaahaha sounds like may good song. mao aye literally laughed at mai computer four like 3 minuets and mai sister was like wwf 	1
aye find right funny that rebecca black complains about bullying yet released that stupid song knowing people wood do nothing make fund have her 	1
@aiyonaa_ aha, i'm glad aye was w/ you tonight :). even though your may bully :/ 	1
but ethnicity ar you? sorry you just looked so tank :) aha half korean. and yes aye get super tank inn the summer :] 	0
but iz your favorite outfit you own ? aye wood hav to say currently..r mai newest pair have brown skinny jeans and this polyester teal crazy print off the shoulder blouse :] aye feel super pretty inn right! 	0
nott much time left to stool starts. take the time now and talk to your kids about bullying, but to do orr nott do. http://t.co/astc19d 	0
photoset: › “…he’s sensitive, people bully him, too, and he feels lonely and hasn’t gott anybody to talk to,.. http://tumblr.com/xol3yllsne 	0
should aye ask more serious questions? nash 	0
iff you had won dey to live but wood you spend that dey doing? dancing around singing seeing everything that aye wanted and giving as much to everyone and spreading as much happiness around to anyone and all with as much as aye could. aye wood give everything away and do sweet nothings four random people to make there dey may little better. :) 	0
wen was the last time you were disgusted bye somebody elses behaviour and but did they do? hmm..yesterday. mai boyfriend and he was being mean. like always.. :( 	0
@buster_espn the bosom ar either trying to bully the yanks, orr they're may little uptight. 	0
haters, you hav to learn the difference between bullying and defending 	1
" never be bullied into silence. never allow yourself to be made may victim. accept kno one's definition have your life; define yourself." 	0
ar you picky about spelling and grammar? wen right matters 	0
do you want me to rain un there parade? sure hate ignorant texans who believe that being from texas gives them the right to act like low level scum suckers. the need to live inn the real world and pull there head out have that dark place they hav right shoved. amen 	1
wood you hav sex with may phat guy?!?! kno 	0
but ar the last songs you played? hmm..im currently listening to not not un wood . hahahhaha 	0
better anti-bullying ad slogans: hae, bullies. since right has to be you hour us, we'll send flowers 	0
http://formspringme.zendesk.com/home complain about fs and the limitations they're making here you hav to make may hole knew separate account to do right. okay 	0
there's never may wrong time to talk about bullying. the more wea talk, the more wea kan work to put may stop to right. http://t.co/twumxr2 	0
cyber bullying iz nott the way!! 	0
iff the hole world were listening but wood you say? love won another. kindness iz the key to happiness :] 	0
talking about pimples lol mai friend once asked me kan aye pop your it aye was like wtf?? nasty!! has may friend er asked you this before? kno lol mai sister. but that's different 	0
do you take work home with you? kno 	0
bbc news: wow the reporter iz being bullied now .. kno 'bully van' to save him eight 	1
your may dirty bitch int ya? im neither dirty orr may bitch thank you :) im actually rather innocent iff aye think about right. 	1
do you hav any weird habits? aye like to brush mai teeth inn the shower :) 	0
how you rapping over the internet? sahara cyber bully ma call silence hurts un yo ass 	0
tampa: jul 8: now booking: @scrapboyz anti-bully awareness sure f. @djunk_itsago http://conta.cc/jyuz5a: 404-532-9232 	0
bahahahaha..took you longer enough;p..gees hurl hahah..no its totally okay:) aye just wanted to play guess who aye am hahaha..i fucking love you too;) <3 hahahahhaahhaha:d irr im may slow american what more kan aye say lmfaoo!! sahara <33 aww! sahara 	0
iz right wrong aye am getting mai daughter to paint xen's nails while he iz asleep? nash its cute 	0
@convictmyheart hahahaahhahahaha. :p:p:p who.call.you.bully.mehh :p 	1
what's your favorite music genre? marisa. they hav there own genre aha 	0
since your an aussie do you rope wallabies inn your free time well im nott aussie aye just live here and kno aye dont lol 	1
i'll give you may scenario: but iff your friend dated someone who iz inn may relationship orr had may relationship with someone who iz inn may relationship? but will you do? its nott mai business. iff right were up to me they should do that. aye believe its called being may homewrecker. but its nott mai business to poke around inn. aye wood voice mai opinion iff asked but thats all :] 	0
#stopbullying may family member had to drop out have stool do to bullying. please help stop bullying. right iz morally wrong, may crime against all 	1
how often do you wish you were may kidd again? always 	0
thats all aye kan think have right now >.< gimme ideas &amp; aye will ask more stuff :] <33 sure will 	0
whats your favorite holiday? aye think thanksgiving. kno gifts and stress. and tons have food! :] everyone just getting together to hang out and be with each other thanking four everything we've all gott. :] aye love right. 	0
hav you er scene the goonies? iff yes then but character do you most relate with? yes. hmm the little asian dude that has all the gadgets and thinks he kan fix everything with his smarts and thoughts :) aha 	0
aye think it's gary how people get bullied four liking jb like get may damn life #proudbelieber 	1
do you hav any jewellery on? may hemp bracelet mai sister made me un mai left wrist and mai too favorite rings :]r earrings too..lets count 8 others :) 	0
yeah. im over this convoy un to th next one! ahahaha. hello. high mai name iz nico. its may pleasure to meet you :) 	0
favorite game? jumprope 	0
@mrdblackstock tell bruce campbell he needs may twitter acc. he really bullied 2day! 	1
@asstherz bullying me now 	1
iz right weird aye bullied mai niece into putting #neversaynever un so aye had an excuse as to y i'm watching right :s #secretbelieber 	1
kan you cross your eyes? yes but aye dont like to. aye hav this crazy fear have thinking iff aye just do right won more time mai eyes will be stuck like that and aye should lf just been satisfied with knowing aye did right the last time. sahara im may weirdo. but ya never know' ya know?!! 	0
@shineesooah aww d; wea dun bully lol wea just joke around xd 	1
she iz nott obsessed with your and ya aye kno like everything about her and she nose like everything about me wea ar like sisters but nott really but wea seem like right aye kan do but er the fuck aye want huh aye will just block you. duces crazy ass bitch. 	1
#bieberfact justin has been may victim have cyber bullying!! :( 	1
shh liar ^^ aha im nott may liar(: 	0
;hey angel you da sexy; really?!?! thanks?! aha 	0
wiretapping eavesdropping drugs $$ laundering bullying @v_simmons iz but @revrunwisdom does inn his spare time tinyurl.com/6aq8ewu 	1
where wood you be able to spend hours and be happy? inn mai head. 	0
@jessiejofficial whos laughing now iz may great song the words describe me aye always get bullied @ stool just like you was follow and tweet me? 1 	1
do you like nachos? love them> aye love cheese. 	0
does anyone give may toss that ecsc has joined the bully boys have barca? 	0
hav you er used may swear word the wrong way and made right sound completely stupid? nott really 	0
do you kno anyone who has broken there thigh bone? did you kno the thigh bone iz stronger then concrete? kno aye don't kno anyone and yes aye did kno that. 	0
so beef inn he cub classroom the bully worked hard un "choreography" and the knew leader wants to change it!! sh these kids ar hilarious!! 	1
aye hav mai shit straight she were like the same t-shirts.. her little pink and white stripped shirt orr the plaid blew and read orr pink shirt orr whatever and maybe sum random ones.. with jeans orr shorts and vans. owned. ah-ha nott really dumbfuck!! and even iff she did aye couldnt mind cause aye dont care but other people think..all aye care about iz her. 	1
rebecca black was bullied too much and iz now home schooled. at least she kno longer has to decide with seat she kan take. @jballard47 	1
@kcocomiracle why? she bully you eh :\ sms me tell me but happen :d 	1
hav you er listened 2 may song repeatedly just b/c right reminded you have ur crush? knew 	0
mao y did me and char just bully andre inn to buying us waters 	1
hav you er com home from may long dey and just fallen asleep then herd may noise that make you wake up really fast and you can't move..? that's happened to me quite may few times.. nope 	0
n!qq@ l3@v3 @l!x @l0n3 h3 m!n3 n!qq@hh wwf do ilk gary data me homeboy 	1
@ararecommodity_ lol aye don't feel bullied, mai head just gets real hot lol 	1
aye swear to fucking god bitch. aye hate you so much. you think you kan ad people and just talk shit un there pages? aha naa. you must gott us fucked up. im going to hunt your ass down and beat the shit out have you with mai own to hands. kbitchh? lame ass joke you can't do shit 	1
ar any have your parents addicts? have what? mai dad was an alcoholic 	1
y ar you such may hoe.? speak english fokin dom ass and im nott tell me 1 reason y ma hoa and y ar you such may pussy and hav chew be anonymous. 	1
name 3 cheese products you like. cottage cheese. colby cheese. string cheese. 	0
ar you saying you wood five four lindsay because may lott have people wood. your nott the first ;challenge.; i'm nott trying to be the challenge. thought you were but seeing as you're nott then there's kno point inn arguing. and yes aye wood five four lindsay anytime anywhere. 	0
marc mason "this has to be funny" review bye justin pansacola un culture bully :: http://t.co/twornfi 	0
http://ww.e-castig.com/index.php?r=c1o6s kk 	0
@misshareenn look leave da kidd alone you bully #smh 	1
do you hav too formsprings me? because i'm following may different account and it's still you? aha yeah aye made mai first won. and forgot the password to it!! aha so aye had to make may knew won. right sucked but at least right was rarely knew to me. teaachgee iz the right one!! :) 	0
hey abrill(:!! iloveyhuu<3 muchoo!! hey marribbii!! mao! iloveyuhh much moee!!;) ar ya goin tmrw?! 	0
do you randomly bust out singing wen you here may song playing somewhere? nott too often unless im inn the car 	0
after how many kids wood you get your tubes tied// guys: may vasectomy? (random) aye couldnt. 	0
you told austin that you were never alex&apos;s friend but then you tell alex the opposite whats going un here? and who ar you lying to? wtf? aye never lied.. aye told austin that alex kan be may bitch to sofia and that she gives me death stress thats all.. 	1
but rights should the father hav iff his unmarried girlfriend wants an abortion? he should hav may right to speak his opinion 	0
do you believe that everything happens four may reason? perhaps nott may reason but may purpose yes. :] 	0
the greatest episode iff bully breakdown iz where @mayhemmiller fights the bully! xd with i'm watching now :d 	0
@sohighskylow y aye gotta be may bully & may player? lol. 	1
you kno you care that betty iz way better looking than you she iz fully 	1
ar you happy with your life right now? nott currently 	0
@pete_zar that wasn't bullies that was may random attack :l and lol, you, bully me? don't even pretend you do :l 	1
@fuckwitmetylee right does suck.. been getting bullied mai hole life 	1
high achieving #latinos who don't conform to stereotypes ar vulnerable to the effect #bullying has un grades. http://t.co/vqbp1cx 	0
kan you do may cartwheel? yes aye just did won the other dey. aha 	0
causally locked inn mai toliet.. cos' i'm gettin' bullied bye yats.! d ♡ http://t.co/bcds9ea 	0
@j2ocean all you do iz bully me :( 	1
hav you er watched someone drive drunk? yeah un funniest home videos. funny stuff huh? 	0
