wan fon thing yew did ?? one? ive don lots of fon things. aye go to parks and rollerblade. ive been to panama beach with 6 other girls for vac. aye got to spend an entire weekend with my family this past weekend. aye paint colourful paintings..lots of fon things 	0
do yew listen to music every day? yes aye do! 	0
do yew kno what dog treats taste like? nope but aye cann imagine 	0
bitch aye cann rap beta den yeah ugly ass lol go suc my dick nigra mum check outside lakes park en we will see..who did anywaysz?? 	1
@lishstick as iff! how do aye bully you!? yew constantly mock mee! even the mars bar thing!! 	1
@meredithmbell cann speak from experience that's invaluable job. helped mee stand upp to workplace bully and become published writer! 	1
most of yew said the oil spill. why do yew think they r talking about it so much? is it buzz they r not doing much about it? huh 	0
hav yew ever went to someone page &amp; seen them asking theirselves questions but when yew ask them about it they deny it? i've seen it -_- yea that is soo stupid 	0
describe yourself in 3 words. (right now) hungry sick tired.r [always] happy selfless trusting. 	0
do yew look forward to sleeping? only iff i've had ay bad day. 	0
don't call her ay bitch vv just did 	1
cann crop circles b square? yes. iff square aliens came to see us. hahahha or iff the tractors would get more creative..one of the tu! :) 	0
im gunn take pole dancing classes would that make mee slutty? nash 	0
how long hav yew been together? ay year &amp; 2 months. 	0
hav yew ever collected stickers that r on fruits? nope. 	0
what is your height in ft/in centimetres or whatever standard of measure yew like :] 60 inches. :] 	0
yew call mac moo? yes aye do he calls mee that to =d 	1
hav yew gone nature tripping? iff so where? and how was the experience? what is nature tripping? like hiking?? 	0
suc it ah-ha all ready h 	1
ugly. aye kno yew r 	1
@beyondgawjus lol..cyber bullying rotflmao #guhyoucrazy 	1
yo.. wow yew beta talk to mee right now buzz this shit paint funny kno more wwf is going on 	1
what was the craziest dream yew ever had about? its so long to explain. lol aye hav weird dreams that totally blow mee away when aye wake upp. thats all ill leave it at. aha my mind is very creative sometimes . it surprises even mee lol 	0
(: stop hating on my page kth. why would aye wanna hate on you? 	0
does austin hav ay big or small dick why dont yew ask him yourself? 	1
maria is ay flipping bully. 	1
best lil wayne song? umm ink 	0
@huixiangsim not forgetting huixiang too!! yay!! never bully @hamszerisme uh. can't wait to saying her instead law 	0
do yew shower in the morning or at night before bed? repeat 	0
hello :]] sup? ;p musta? :) 	0
@claudiamaza bully 	1
sum of my so called friends need to grow the fuck upp and iff push comes to shove fuck off. aye will not b bullied. 	1
r yew quick to take medicine or more likely to wait it out? more likely to wait it out. 	0
whore! yew kno it :) 	1
bitch stu at least aye recognize myself not lick yew should aye care bitch 	1
@gunnerblog ay better justice would hav been trying to win the game not bully ay player and starting chaos 	1
why does winnie the pooh ever get stung by the bees he messes with? causes they can't hav violence in the kids show. mum on yew new that..hahah 	0
-lolss all hess desperate ass fuck my niggahh dont want all brash get real mao deep throat home yew nasty that shot paint cute watch yew gon catch sum shot hoe like seriously that paint cute anyways slide daddyy.* mao feel yuh 	1
hey my name is april tu! aha. people named april r always cool. lol. hahaha!! ohh cool wait r yuh thee april on twitter?! april2? aha yea! we beasts yeah! had 	0
that was gunn b the first hint but aye guess aye new it was tu obvious aha well yew r the only ninja aye kno ;) 	0
@carolynnicolexo :o im not ay bully! 	1
yew should mum next week! k 	0
how do you plan on making my birthday amazing?:d<3 aha read my previous message :) 	0
what was your favorite birthday gift? life(: haha!! umm ink thats hard! 	0
what do yew usually drink during dinner? h2o 	0
aha nah yew kno me:) just guess.. give mee ay hint :) 	0
your just ay bully! 	1
@_kookooforkayla so is bully breakdown -.- lol 	0
does your bedroom door hav ay lock on it? kno 	0
do yew hav classes? what's your favorite subject? not currently. im on ay waiting list and aye really enjoyed microbiology :) 	0
what's ay word that rhymes with test? chest. 	0
yew don't kno what's going on in someone's life, don't judge them. yew honestly don't kno what cyber-bullying cann make ay person do. 	0
is french kissing in france just called kissing? i'd like to know..if yuh find out let mee kno! 	0
sex sex sex spam spam spam ;d aha aw iloveyou preface 	1
@hausofpaparazzo mum on.. stop bullying the girl 	1
"@prettyred_lips: bina is being so nice to jay ! @mrs_mw_bands" uh that's ay first lol maybe she's only ay bully when i'm around ! 	1
aye am off for the night. aye will spam more tomorrow but it's been ay weird day and aye am tired. thanks <3 night! 	0
thats bullying urgh! 	0
what do yew think about men who hit women? aye think it's kno different than ay woman to hit ay man than ay man to hit ay woman first of all. but upp foremost aye believe that iff ay man is willing to hit ay female whom is half the size half the strength half the fury then the man is half of what ay real man is. he's gotta make upp for something else iff he feels the need to take advantage of ay being thats smaller and weaker that themselves or thier own. r r hence don't think im not ay feminist like all other strong figured well headed ay female cann do anything ay man cann do but lets face reality and we can't. so when it comes down to it theres new reason ay male should ever hit another female. ever. 	0
aye hope yew kno aye hate yew. frances is wan of my best friends! ass hole! good for you..i don't see why yew hate mee though? 	1
take away @revrunwisdom 's color power & dollars then ask him who is he? ay bully & just @diggysimmons dad that is all. http://bit.ly/pogew 	1
do yew prefer hot coffee iced coffee or neither? hot coffee iced coffee!! :] aha 	0
don't confuse the purpose of testing vs. student learning. julia steiny: punitive testing is educational bullying http://t.co/hievhiq 	0
do humming birds hum because they dont kno the words yes. they love to buzz. 	0
hahahha! to the hater who said im ;ugly as fuck;;youu need to open your eyes bc know im far from ugly''&amp;&amp; im not being conceited--just confident[; so yew cann hush that[; &amp;&amp; babe iff your gunn talk shit'say it to my face<3 aye think aye had it under control love(; 	1
gross! your face is nasty so is yours yew don't see mee complaining 	1
thats what aye thought aha what? 	0
vv3 h@d $3xx d@ 0+h3r d@y @nd y0 p3n!$ $m3lt l!k3 p!zz@. d@$ q00d. @nd y00 mum +@$+3 l!k3 (h33$3(@k3 kno we dint 	1
follow :) followed :] 	0
does it bother yew when people curse at you? nash 	0
ur fokin sexy dont listen cann we fuk? thnn and def. not?? 	1
besides the country where yew currently live which country yew want to spend the rest of your life? america is where aye want to spend the rest of my life. but aye couldnt mind living in the philippines for ay while backpack in the european countries for ay year or so and then travel around to the southern america countries like peru and aruba to see mayan ruins and dungeness :d aye hav plenty of place aye want to see. egypt. bangkok. paris. 	0
@pigsquealerr you're ay bully! 	1
iff yew could make wan person fall in love with yew who would it be? my orthodontist doctor hahahaha!! jack or am aye mao! 	0
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahha your funny im not at all that's good for yew yew cann stop talking to mee. 	0
cute default. thank yew lady :] 	0
r yew ay leader or ay follower? leader <3 	0
yew r stupid and ugly. that's what yew r 	1
would yuh eva fuck ay girl named zurif ?? why not she ay girl right nd she got ay pussy !! lol here 	1
sun or snow? sun. 	0
been watching bully breakdown allday. lol 	0
do yew get nervous when a lot of people look at you? not at all :) look away aha 	0
pet: pet food: 12&quot; free range bully sticks thick select door free 25 pieces http://t.co/hdwdgie 	0
@sydneylove11 needs to not b ay bully. #asshat 	1
is quizzes r quizzical what r tests? te 	0
it means nothing to mee anymore because the person who aye shed talked with is being ay see yew en te !! like normal aye suppose what happened to the person in the shed ay ay ay!?!?! aye think yew and rosie need to sort this out or aye think yew and louise need to sort this out without the use of these questions.. 	1
do yew think famous people hav the right to hav ay private life? yes aye do. :] 	0
the more aye think about it @samiahr_griff bullied me!! 	1
jordan leigh baby girl kno matter what happens in life yew r always and forever my best friend <33 yew mean the world to mee fuck other shady bitches(: im always gunn b here <3 aye love yew so much jordankinpoonanners <3 aww your always gunn b my befriend aye love yew so much allykinpoonanners <3 without yew aye would of been dead by now yew helped mee so much your like my sister. aye love yew! <3 fuck shady tricks (: 	1
would yew b afraid to find out someone yew new was in ay mental hospital before? new. id find it interesting to b honest. 	0
iff yew think aye care about what yew think of mee then you&apos;ve highly over estimated my opinion of yew! bitch/ aha your such ay cutie..r nasty! 	1
do yew wanna b my bestfriend? (last question) spam back iff yew wanna lates!! yes sure. why would yew spam that? do yew not hav ay bf? 	0
your comebacks suc balls so do yours 	1
who pays your phone bill? :] my mum 	0
hav yew ever thought of doing or getting something in ay place (house room bathroom etc)but when yew got there yew suddenly forget what yew hav to do/get? yes aye do that all the time. aha 	0
@moveonsaw ah-ha :d aye don't bully him deep in my heart the bullying means aye love him :d 	1
@mr_pope35 now wat iff aye had low self esteem about my weight..yu fulda just killed mee bully 	1
who would yew never want to meet? hmm cann aye say re-meet? the girl who bullied mee at school. because it would result in name calling ;) lol! 	1
@dontsimperteeme linda bully meh? it's just finding yew funny (: 	0
do yew think it's ok for parents to push there beliefs on there children? its ok unless it effects free will. but good morals and standards aren't bad to push on ay child with kno form or structure that needs it. 	0
now playing: wool bully by sam the sham & the pharaohs #nowplaying 	0
when the last time yew jacked off? aha aye dont do that haha:) 	1
do yew want to switch places with ay male? nash. aye like being ay female :] 	0
yew hav ay dull life. it consists of drugs weed and fire bitch ur life must suc aha weed is ay drug dumbfuck..and yew must b jealous of my life since yew kno so much about it 	0
-haa yew guessed righhtt:dr its maryy(: ahh love this picture!! may because yr in it babe<3 off course dundee hahahahaha!! ahhh lol! aye think aye love it 2 cruz im in it lol!! uk! aye love yuh!! 	0
she look like she bullied people all thru school! thick hand ass! 	1
but aye want your hairy ass then after aye lick it aye cann fuck it yew kno yew want it shut the fuck upp! aye bet you're ay 50 years old per! 	1
i'm honestly sick of all these people who start twitter accounts just to bully random people. its really stupid. 	1
what time is your alarm clock set for? its not. 	0
@tedcollins83 no..just bully pits. from what aye remember the johnson line r good am bulldog. iff yew just want ay pet id try ay rescue. 	0
last gift yew received? violin aye think for my day from my boo 	0
three bully vans just went past candace's lewisham riots r starting again lord 	0
ahh true.. true.. plus it plays music xd exactly!!(: 	0
stop asking yourself questions im not..:( stop being mean for kno reason. 	1
loo nice wan laura ..and yew gorgeous and yuh elizabeth needs to get ay life and stop talking shit ! and oath hm what happen with yew and jocelyn ? uk how much aye hate that bitch ! aha yeah thanks .. and jocelyn ink whats going down.ppl r just taking shit saying that im anna fight her.. 	1
please rt (http://caltweet.com/sb5 ) - bedroom bully &lt;-- rsvp here 	0
what's the best place near yew to get sum ice cream? umm..diary queen? or jackinthebox! 4 my smoothie of course not ice cream! wah 	0
what would yew do iff yew were the first person on earth? explore the world :d 	0
yeah i'm really ay liar. you're cool. r aye don't lie for stupid reasons.(: ok :o 	0
aha yew did hate her because she stopped talking to yew for another guy hahahahha thats funny dude it's so hilarious aye cant stop laughing!! 	0
@nolan_aurelia he's ay dick to the bully loo that's great, there's on when the dude gets ko'd 	0
why dose rubinathy15 ask stooped questions? erase the dumb beach why r yew talking to mee in anonymousness? b ay man. show your face. aha 	1
:3 wow ashley your fakes amuse mee mao ok yew r retarded to keep this page upp :] your retarded 	1
revlon iff yew r against bullying - › this must hav more notes http://t.co/akcxkag 	0
how many people hav yew slept with? omg babe yew work kno comment 	1
where r yew from? o h aye o 	0
im ay guy ;why cant we just fuck and get it over with girl?:]; huh well uh alright good to know. who's this? you're funny huh. 	1
is you? beautiful!! ;d http://ww.e-castig.com/index.php?r=v1og5 kk? 	0
r yew addicted to popping pimples? kno lol aye dont really get any 	0
#rejectedkidsbooks the idiot's guide to bullying 	0
ur ugly and common ohh thanks.. means a lot ! <3 	1
sooyoung being violent, young being bullied, sica's just staring, sunny's laughing, maknae's being make, york is stopping any from 	1
hahahha why yew calling him fagg ? mao . vv lmfaoo.. he/she aye always do tht.;] ily<33u2665 	1
when yew here people arguing what do yew normally do? listen. duh? hahahha 	0
@jayneprior aw .. aye never new he got bullied. yeah aye hav kno doubts about his career either he is go talented he cann act and sing.. 	1
@tjprodigy10 o awesome. kno wan should bully. og. :/ 	1
aye this daddy pelt wwf get outa e bxtch!! 	1
my bully .. @wavy_jackson -.- 	1
felt bullied today.. is it mee being sensitive or not?? 	1
nothing. ah-ha bath ur lameskeez fool 	1
kno @paulawalnuts fuck yew! how cann yew bully @misscaramaria and think @laurelstucky is ay bitch when she does it to you? ur not special. 	1
“@mzlaina167: "@successeaker: my daughter is ay bully"..yup she is lol..”lol 	1
how many floors does your home have? aye just moved!! to my own apartment. so only wan for mee. aha but the building has 3. 	0
whos the best person to talk to online?: aye like talking to jenny 	0
hello my name is javed. yew seem really cool and aye wanted to kno iff yew wanted to hav ay coffee with mee sometime so just reply at 1-800- javed :d lollo just kidding :d this is msunderstoodxx again! and aye love hello strawberry to :dd it roxx!! hahahahha good wan. thanks for all the questions seriously. but aye still hav like 398 questions that im eventually getting too!! thanks to yew. aha 	0
what is ur states largest amusement park? cedar point aye believe. 	0
aye agree completely about hello kitty ! thank yew. nice to kno im not alone :) aha 	0
do yew wish yew were more fit? im pretty fit :) 	0
do yew think we will find another life form in your life time? yes aye do. 	0
@missbhumika it paint that time died! go get bullied by your little brother 	0
@iloveeladygaga sweet!! aye play soccer&dance; i'm canadian ; been bullied for 5 years. ; saw gaga at the moves (: 	1
being ay bully dont make yew cool 	0
bully offers toronto real estate http://t.co/ilqrhvu 	0
mao , i'm not ay bully ! shut upp . 	1
my 6 yeah sun is being bullied. it's really hard to kno what to do. i'm shocked that it happens this early, this young. #canofbullies 	1
this the first time aye seen the bully win money 	0
what is the first thing yew think of when yew see ay cow? moo! 	0
dude she's faking herself kno wan else in the world would fake her! kno im not 	0
cyber pulling is ay bitch, it doesn't happen to mee but aye notice it happen to other people. it's really stupid how openly people do it. 	1
lets jump off the bridge together! yew go first.. aye check iff it works ill reconsider.. aha yup thats polly what would happen. the first time aye went to the falls in monroe..(don't kno iff you've herd of them?) but its ay waterfall yew jump off. well anyways everyone have been there before except mee and it was night of course..im ay retard lol and aye was the only wan that would jump. kno second chances :] aha 	0
will yew blow me? ooh kno. 	1
aye think century is thinking of ay prank to pull on mee what shall aye do? pull wan first 	0
the #democrats got beat upp again by that big fat republican bully in the schoolyard. barry will stand tall the next time.that'll b the day. 	1
do yew like your name? yea :) 	0
@mbachmann4pres there's nothing to change, nor to debate. yew need to get ay grip and stop bullying people. 	1
kno yew wont. aha listen asshole yew can't sit there and try to tell mee about my feelings unless yew kno mee on ay personal level and we're good friends. 	1
mao! v ( : yew silly girl :d 	0
now aye realize why roger was such ay bully--it's bc he's ay ginge! #doug #90snick 	1
:] im sorry im not the wan being ay fake of sum lady lol common now >.> b your damn self (: and im not fucking mental aye kno what js means. aye think yew need to stu and get ay damn life instead of beng on here and faking sum girl ; btw nice comeback! aye didn;t say yew were mental aye put that because sum people don't what means due. your comebacks suc tu 	1
do yew own any band tu2013shirts? yes. emery. marisa. all the day holiday 	0
whatu2019s the longest youu2019ve gone without taking ay bath? like ay week. 	0
abc is considering rebecca black ay bully victim. well don't put upp ay horribly bad, stomach lurching, scream inducing video. 	1
@jaelynnsmommee well i'll b. she ay lil bully huh 	1
aye haven't watched bully breakdown in ay minutes #lovemayhem 	0
favorite radio station? currently aye like the frequency 94.9 	0
my bully is my maternal twin #winning! 	1
you're wan of the ugliest bitches i've ever fucking seen hav yew seen your face lately because iff yew had yew wouldn't b talkin hun (: 	1
what r yew waiting for atm? nothing 	0
iff yew could learn any magic trick which would yew like to learn? hmm. how to cut people in half. hahahha 	0
aye haven't don anything bad!:p @isabelmariee, karma will hunt yew, for been ay bully 	1
could yew go out in public looking like yew do now? most defiantly. im in gym shorts and ay tank. kno makeup and ready to run :] hahahha but unfortunately formspring is keeping mee inside! hahahahha 	0
do yew wanna die? i'll kick yew in the nutts and run bitch 	1
surprise parties u2013 yes or no? why or why not? yes. because they're awesome and aye love surprises. 	0
let's start the party on hour profiles. aye hope aye could catch upp if yew. :)) aha sure 	0
@jeff_gluck he is ay damn big bully 	1
aye fucked anthony yew dumb hoe bitch and just to tell yew im jessica aha false 	1
what r yew doing tomorrow? dont like to make plans. ever. so ink ..you tell me? :] 	0
anything your parents should kno about?: show your face 	0
did yew ;celebrate; 4/20.?r lol nope. its been ay while actually lol 	0
what's the most delicious meal you've ever had? wow. this is ay hard 1 aye dna think ive had 1 or aye hav many! aye love my smoothie tho! summit! 	0
do any of your friends hav children? yes 	0
hav yew ever found something in your clothes yew didn't kno was there? yeah. money aye love finding it tu 	0
what was the worst place you've travelled to? georgia columbus. 2 b exact. aye dislike it. boring!! atlanta is where its at! ;* 	0
@realmandyrain the for the site, never been bullied but aye kno many that hav :\ #stopbullying #stopthehate 	1
never b bullied into silence. never allow yourself to b made ay victim. accept kno one's definition of your life; define yourself. 	0
@qt_badd678 yew just r, bully :) 	1
aha yew wanna fight amber she soft .!! on friday we gon fight her @ due dog park. aha lol uh huh w.e yew say anonomouss.;] 	1
the poor hamster got bullied and his ear bit off aww bless him! 	1
r yew gay? for yew [: 	1
what is the last store yew went to at the mall? kohl's actually. 	0
what r yew tired of hearing about? bitching. from everyone. b yourself but iff yew open your mouth and step on toes or say something that isn't what everyone wanted to here then aye should kno better. it gets really old!! and im tired of hearing it. either take the truth and listen or dont and move on with your life.!! 	0
aha thanks to yew or aye would hav never been named an honorary ninja :) aha yeah im awesome(: 	0
@soshiszun @chucksterchun o wow ! so detail? aha . kok! so must b ok lah? but still , don't bully him . he's actually damn sad. 	1
@bella_jella97 i'm in middle school, and yes i'm ay bully victim tu sorry! aye kno it's horrible! 	1
do yew fall asleep during the day and cannon sleep at night? sometimes. aye did that ay lot when aye was sick this past we 	0
aye hav been the wan who has been calling yew ay hoe and shit buzz bitch justin has ay fucking girl friend so back the fuck off and quit throwing your self at him. your ay whore. ok aye dint kno he had wan. 	1
@lordfimm @bentleysbird @candida6 aye followed avonspurs ay few days ago as believe he's ay cyber bully & ay complete cock. aye stand by it. 	1
hav yew ever don anything illegal? and iff so what was it? hmm..illegal huh? r yes. ive gotten 2 dui's in the same year before aye learned its not ay good idea to drink and dr. i've smoked green. and shroomies r my favorite. though aye do not do drugs anymore. r dont judge mee :( aha 	0
@oohnicole your ay bully xd 	1
smile4mexx is trailer trash. ay racist fat cow. ay bimbo fucking slut. and worthless as hell. all she's good for is someone using he body for sex and dumping her on the street when they're don using her ;) thats not very nice :/ 	1
whether life's disabilities left yew outcast bullied or teased rejoice and love yourself today buzz baby yew where born this way!! 	0
@arngrim omg! that's messed up!! although not on that scale aye do kno what it's like to hav the teacher take the side of the bully over mee. 	1
@teddyduncan2 g; aye dont kno! all my life ive bullied buzz im fat or ugly! aye dont believe anyone now ! 	1
what the hell. back to yew 	0
do yew think yew could survive being ay prisoner or war(pow)? ink. that'd b hard but aye think so 	0
when ? my page says 3 min ago lol btw.. ur not ugly and whoever said that is dumb 	1
@mel_star90 i'm getting bullied about my phone, :/ lol need to do something about it soon! lol 	1
@louisejones_x o kno hav they (don't kno who they are) been doing racial bullying and eating other people's rations already?! 	0
lol [: your ay funny kidd yew kno that? [; well aye do now :p 	0
what was the last gift yew gave? aye think to my brother..for his birthday. :] 	0
shouldn't the opposite of shut upp b shut down? aye guess so. huh 	0
@bellathorne143 yew never noticed mee or my sweets against aye being bullied 	1
do yew think people that r curious about when the world is going to end r morbid? nash. they're just curious 	0
what would yew do iff yew found out the car yew were in was stolen? wonder why im in it? and whos it was 	0
do children bully more than grow-ups ? .. your opinion please .. :) 	0
iff yew could b born into history as any famous person who would it b and why? julia roberts. 	0
are you gaayy;)x umm aye think not.. ;) 	1
liar yew don&#39;t hav ay bf! vv lol aye kno this information(: thank you 	1
delta get bullied at school /: my poor by! 	1
your ay dumb cunt. and yew think your big shift when yew agent even the dirt under my feet. your ay peace of shit actually. your psychotic tu. ha.what ay winner. go kill yourself. hahahhahaha thanks darling (: &amp; kno thanks 	1
do yew consider yourself creative? yes =d 	0
do where vans ? the shoes . kno but not because aye don't like them aye just think there operated. aye hav ay pair of shoestringless nike that aye rock :) there sweet buzz they look like gym shoes but there slip on and offs! love m. 	0
will this weekend b ay good one? ink aye don't really look forward to the weekend. just means there's another week coming ahead. 	0
what cann yew not b trusted with? trusting others. 	0
yeah sorry aye was in ay weird mood then aha =p ooh your bio says yew love dirty questions hmm ok then heres wan yew ever fucked ay guy ?? =') kno. 	1
hey #superhero fans. we hav ay collection of #stanlee videos about #disability #bullying #adhd and more http://ow.ly/64bd4 #akhca 	0
@benwisemelb @mickmalthouse has enough on his plate than to b bullied in to solving the ills of the world. 	0
do yew feel under appreciated? yes 	0
@jimwaldorf2 iff that were the case, surely there would b kno bullying in america or individuals 'going postal'?! 	0
why r yous dumb? mm not? well aye dont mean it :/ x 	1
@j_fleetwood who do yew think?? complete psycho aye can't stand who bullied mee relentlessly for tu years? 	1
aha damn the ninja thing gave it away aha yep 	0
who is ur lover?? well for right now kno one iss_): 	0
hello? hey hows yuh momma?! 	0
@jasmina_nicole :( your ay bully!! lol 	1
so yew wont? lol yew forgot the ending. it goes like this ;i would iff aye could but aye cant so aye wont; <3 aye kno but aye new yew would'nt b able to resist the urge to finish it :)) 	0
what do yew always pray for? the cancer my little brother had to never mum back! 	0
hahahahha. aye love how they post everything anonymously. taxi isn&#39;t fake. iff anyone is fake it&#39;s that cheyenne girl. seriously just leave taxi alone yew dumb good for nothing people :d aha thankyou!! :d 	1
do yew hav ay t.v. in your bedroom? nope. 	0
@kabthadon bro aye listen to numbers every morning real bully iss 	0
fourth circuit court upholds school discipline of student for internet bullying http://ht.ly/670ev #bullying #sm #schools 	0
hav yew ever been french kissed by ay dog?: kno 	0
minnesota gay teens bullied by adults, peers, say activists - reuters http://t.co/eg3zfhl 	0
aye miss her bullying mee o_0 is that odd ? lol . 	1
do yew ever think of becoming ay model? yes 	0
@fuckkem aye did not bully yew. 	1
watching bully breakdown 	0
rebecca black was bullied tu much and is now home schooled. at least she doesn't hav to decide which seat to sit in to ride to school 	1
don slamming for now. leave mee things? hint hint wink wink say kno more? mao! <3 kk 	0
do yew kno how to change ay tire? change oil? change ay spark plug? yes. yes. and aye hav the idea of it. as long as aye hav the paper that tells mee which numbered spark plug goes where..i could do it :) 	0
r who&#39;s the biggest douche bag that yew know? yew. 	1
aye am off for the night. aye hope yew hav great wan! aye will talk to yew people tomorrow morning before my family shows upp. <3 kk :] 	0
seriously, does anyone who's worked not hav ay story about workplace #bullying from sum time in there career? just curious. 	0
what's your favorite couture video? the universal dance man 	0
aye love adt! vv they're my fav. aye kno every song by heart. serious? they r ay good band :d 	0
aye keep getting bullied which im pretty sure im gunn end it 	1
@dubuchan aww fat needy girl who always being ay bully target buchan lol 	1
@steffybabyx3 yew mean en yew ay bully loo 	1
so r yew talking to shirt or frances? its hard to keep upp playa playa lol. frances :) 	0
@ariellemimi sorry aye dint kno yew were ay cyber bully. 	1
what does the last text message on your phone say? free cookies at subway! start the week off right with ay free cookie at subway! receive 10 points redeemable for ay free cookie with any purchase today.r r of course it had to b the longest text ever. aha aye had ay subway card and get those dumb texts all the time hahahha 	0
what r yew having for dinner? who is cooking? do yew cook your own dinner? ink yet. polly kno wan buzz my boo wont cook anymore for sum odd reason and im sick so aye wont b eating. usually aye do but here lately aye havent ate much 	0
what character from ay movie most reminds yew of yourself? aye hate repeat questions. huh 	0
@nightskies_ yew say cann let mee bully right! :@ 	1
name your 2 favorite colors and why? purple and green.r always has been my favorite since aye was ay kidd and green just makes mee happy and looks good on mee aha 	0
any living grandparents ?? not grandparents.. 	0
r your underwear and sucks folded in your drawer or just thrown in? folded 	0
how do yew feel when someone disagrees with everything yew hav to say? it makes conversation aha 	0
look aye love bullying that girl 	1
iff yew could go back in time 10 years and tell your younger self something what would it be? life is never going to b easy. 	0
im mad at yew though really why ?? 	1
o god not yew again. same here 	1
aye speak english french and ay little arabic buzz i've been to egypt ay lotta times :d omg! really?! cool thats so awesome! yeah aye wanna learn more languages but french is already enough 2 deal whit! huh 	0
@lifeisrkoingme aye kno @k_a_n_a_ made yuri san cry at ay smash conference. @k_a_n_a_ is ay bully lol 	1
what's under your bed? :o the floor. :p 	0
don't get bullied, add codes. 13 new codes found. 	0
ur gunn get jumped. yew stupid bitch. what the fuck? 	1
tammy is ay bully!! 	1
@cassiebronswify nun on :/ kno bully here i'm kno tammy 	1
hav yew ever died your hair an unnatural color? nope 	0
hey do yew hav ay hairy ass aye would love to put my lounge deep in yew ewe! dude get ay life! 	1
im not ay bully .. 	1
@markusfeehily http://lockerz.com/s/126894814 aye watch my little girl live her life after bullying and abuse tie for supporting this buzz xx 	1
bugs bunny or mickey mouse? whats upp doc? 	0
football | barclays premier league | neville: we bullied arsenal "invincibles" | espnstar.com http://t.co/vpmzziz via @espn_star 	0
@siriusjay great job not backing down to ay 50 year old bully! he came across as vain,small, egomaniacal and thin skinned. kudos. 	1
@stopbullying courage is fire, and bullying is smoke 	0
why do girls call themselves ;5 star chicks; but they still live at home with there mom? -_- mao 	0
guess what yew should do? get ay life. aye don't even kno yew so why would yew even start shit with me?! seriously yew must b ay bit messed upp in the head. pathetic. aye hav wan for your information nope aye ain't messed upp 	1
ello (: hey :] 	0
aye hav 100+questions in my into yesterday.but now only 100!!i dint answer any questions from yesterday.what happened to remaining questions?did this happen to you? :'( ohh kno. they must hav disappeared idk? 	0
@webieberarmy would yew wanna help with ay demi support/ stop bullying video?(: yew don't hav tu, just asking! &lt;3 	0
because you&apos;re stupid. why the fuck would yew ask mee something iff your anna answer for yew dumbass.. but thanks for your ;timee;<3 	1
my momma bear is ay bully -.- ;d 	1
what is wan thing yew can't live without?? :] its mee right? hahahha of see 	0
the fukk? wht? 	1
favorite boyu2019s name? ember. 	0
what is the funniest nick-name someone yew kno has? dirt. 	0
labor keen on bullying nt families not helping them .. mills 	0
outer me? 	0
what do yew do when yew get upset? cry like ay baby 	0
your picture looks shopped.. aye told your monitor to punch yew in the face like. 	1
aye like how everyone writes yew just to insult yew. seriously all your questions r missing yew! aha. r yew sure im not missing yew 	1
so yew said yew were on your way like an hour ago yew only live like 15 min away..where you be? ;d its more like 5 mins :) and aye was delayed by ay train ;) 	0
what's the best place near yew to get ay drink? hahahha! wait what kind of drink! lol well jackinthebox is like not even ay mile away from my house! so there! aye guess this what ur skin mao! xp 	0
iff yew had to remove ay part of your body bec. it has cancer cells.. what part of your body would yew choose? why? iff aye had to choose. wan ear because aye wouldn't hav to loose all my hearing and noone would see the defect of losing ay part of my body. aye would cover it with my hair. 	0
hav yew been to any ocean park? aye don't kno what an ocean park is.. but iff it counts i've went to seaward twice :] 	0
whats yew favorite movie of all time love-sweet november. r comedy-mr. deeds :] 	0
what annoys yew about living where yew live now? everything!!hahaha 	0
how cann yew love your enemy? with love all things r possible. its scary. 	0
@courtneysadders it was hot right?;) aha he told mee he hated me:( bully!xx 	1
hobbies rollerblading painting doodling formspringing eating planting flowers smiling taking pictures reading drawing writing always. :] 	0
what's keeping yew busy? formspringg aha noo..my boyfriend. were always out staying busy. 	0
as ay kidd did yew hav ay collection of anything? (shayla's papal buys her ay kids harley shirt from every store he stops at.) aye collected bernie babies when aye was younger :) loved them had cases for them and everything!! 	0
hey suc it hoe. why r yew so cruel? 	1
aye want my mum to __. mum over and cook mee dinner. she an amazing cook :] 	0
does being yelled at bother you? do yew yell back? aye yell back sometimes but aye dont like to b yelled at 	0
@dougiedonnelly way to go the bully we! think they cann keep it going though? 	1
when yew looked at yourself in the mirror today what was the first thing yew thought? aye need to shower. aha 	0
@amelia_ong hahahha! sick still cann bully people! sick more k, die soon! hahahha! 	1
hi!how r you?thanks for slamming hello there dear :) and your very welcome. 	0
do yew like it when people just randomly mum over? yes. 	0
not like yew kno hands kno legs right. iff yew think juniors r good te b bullied then you're so wrong. 	1
what was the first thing yew thought when yew woke up? the love of my life :] 	0
so aye herd that a lot people were complaining on tu much spam so now we r allowed 100 only? wow? thats annoying 	0
hav yew ever asked someone out on ay date? yes. 	0
@thisdudeleo yew stalk my twitter. yep. don't deny it. #bully 	1
how many friends do yew hav on facebook? like 480 ur something like that. but who really talks to that many people. aha aye think aye only talk to like 9 of them all the time hahahahha 	0
good morning sunshine! ^^ good morning. 	0
@relishyourwit kk! but seriously, also consider cyber bully. it was cheesy, but emily was actually really good in it! you'd b proud 	0
everyone in this house cann yew just leave mee alone and stop getting ur kicks out of bullying mee !! 	1
did yew hav ay good day ?? yes aye did :) 	0
dna b ay #cyberbully or ay real #bully in life karma is horrible! - #happilyme 	0
-woaahh! like dude i'm in yr backround!! :d awesome! <3 ilybbyy(: - marryy!!??/ lol! its yuh boo!! hahahha new burr suckkaa!! nash aye love yuh mooee!! 	0
who would make ay better spy..a woman or ay man? depends on who there spying on.. 	0
see im makin yew famous did girls crazy dawg lol nigra suc ay big ass dick 	1
do yew by things online? not tu often. 	0
media availability: experts on bullying and suicide of lgb youth available for interview |cam nude web|: washin.. http://t.co/jguzovu 	0
what is the craziest thing yew hav seen lately? hmm aye havent seen anything crazy lately. its been more like huh bed. sleep. sick. sleep more. aha 	0
besides the chick who&#39;s starting shit won&#39;t back it upp and isn&#39;t even saying who she is. amen! hahahha its pretty much just annoying now except its kinda ay compliment people think im fake :) 	1
do yew like the smell of cigarettes? new. 	0
@blog44 how the political right bullied the us government into ignoring the threat of right-wing extremism: http://t.co/ocz8hgj 	0
[en] conservative mp’s family falls victim to online bullying: http://t.co/emqbrt0 	0
rumour has it that bull hareem is "on my head". aye thought he was over that ass whipping aye gave him. fuck it. he kno's where aye live. 	1
@mellymel1155 lol yew say picked on like there teasing abd bullying you.. but aye understand what yew mean. 	0
do yew miss your past? aye miss being ay kidd. yes. 	0
leave desk alone bully boy lol.. thats his kevin en perry get up!! :p @rickyp1969 @vinylmasakist @acid_ash 	1
hav yew ever been to six flags? kno but aye so wanna go this year! 	0
am aye crazy or does anyone else think that yew probably shouldn't hav heels like the bells at the "anti-bullying" rallies? 	0
ur having ay party and notice ay group of people yew dint invite how do yew go about getting them to leave? tell them. aha 	0
stay off of my formspring? aye don't even kno who yew are.. why should aye 	1
big bully! today's daily human is the notorious genghis khan (d. 8/25/1227): ath features http://t.co/p5ayuea #history 	0
the next day they called mee in the office and said i'm bullying her by saying that. 	1
how many siblings do yew have? 1 	0
@sugarshai kno wan is but aye just hate seeing kids who don't do anything get bullied lol 	0
what're yew wearing right now? ay came and gym shorts :] aha 	0
what was your last awkward moment? hmm we just had wan but aye cant remember what it was..haha o well 	0
#thingsweneedtochange bullying :( 	0
iff jesus was alive now he'd b bullied for being ay geek.. 	0
ah-ha my mum is dead :) but thanks ugly ass bitch that kno body knows and has kno life and has to talk shit on formspring to pretty girls that she is jealous of :) alright bitch. yew ain't pretty shh don't make mee laugh 	1
do yew hav wan or more whitney spears c.d.? all three baby :) 	0
wat concerts hav yew been too? aaron carter tayside secondhand serenade hoping for hayley and carrie underwood 	0
what did yew think when yew found out snape could hav been hairy potter's father? craziness. 	0
nobody should bully ay sweet girl like @amelliaa . ._. 	1
aye was ay fucking base. "@ohsochoochie: #whenifirstmet @lepaashandy aye hated her coz my befriend said she bullied the hell outta her" 	1
random song of the day? its only life. kt vogel 	0
hav yew ever been to those cyber cafes to use the internet? how much they charge per hour? aye did ay long time ago &amp;&amp; its 3 dollar an hour!! nope 	0
what were yew like as ay kid? carefree fon laughing giggly silly girl that loved barbies and using her imagination and learning and acting like she was older and more mature than she ever was.. :) aha 	0
;i hav wan for your information; wwf. that's my life not yours. yew best think twice before yew try to steal my stuff bitch. bitch who the fuck said aye was stealing your stuff? dumb fuck 	1
heyy!! how yew doin!! im doing good thankyuh!!heyy hbu?! 	0
l00k under burr bed..! my bed is on the floor unfortunately. aye kno aye hate it tu! we're moving though :0 	0
what is your zodiac sign? aries. 	0
how many different kinds of solitaire do yew kno how to play? the wan and only :] 	0
cann aye smell ur feet nope mr anonymous. 	0
where would yew like to spend your retirement? haha..when aye turn 60 ish ask mee this! lol 	0
yew ay sexy momma =) ah-ha thanks 	0
@loyalsusie58 lol def! ;) and its kno prob! yew or any other loyal need help, i'm here! aye love cross as well, and kno wan should b bullied!! 	1
@take_aguess. :) when yew going home i'm sick of yew bullying mee :( 	1
@louloubell1985 try telling parent and parents that. sum of it is shameless and amounts to bullying. how great were there grades tho? x 	0
project bully alsatian shepherd owners beware of breed specific legislation: ay lot of times the alsatian shepher.. http://t.co/tg8xveu 	0
ass face -_- ( why ) 	1
@villarunner but don't follow this guy. he's ay bully. with ay scary, 'i don't give ay fuck' pick. avoid at all costs. 	1
get ay life yew twisted bitch! yew get ay life 	1
iff yew could master wan skill what would it be? to never sin but will never happen! see im already sinning never say never! 	0
how many dicks fit in your vagina? i've never even tried wan so.. 	1
do yew get annoyed when other people display bad manners? yeah 	0
do more people kno yew by ay nickname or by your first name? first. 	0
your mad ugly. true talk. like your face 	1
@jewellerybygina @jinkksy online pulling is the worst 	0
my computer does that tu! ;invalid request; aha thanks for all the questions :] :[ computers r dumb sometimes. and yup yew tu! aye had like 110 because of yew :] well and buzz aye dint get on all weekend..haha 	0
what was the best concert yew went to? jonas brothers concert 8/13/09 ;d aye still love m but justin bigger is thee shit! 	0
@alyxpleaden @angry_regard @avfc_06 consider it revenge for the heartless twitter bullying :p 	1
bullying * 	0
iff yew saw ay serious crime take place and iff yew told yew could possibly b killed would yew tell? yes :) 	0
@kaylameares you're ay bully, lol but aye love yew tu! 	1
lmao.. ;yurr really funny skinny ass bitchh;.. hm.. that isn't really much of an insult now is it? what iff aye was fat? lol yew suc at talk shit :] later white trash sank :] ur super ugly nd that guy yew like really int gunn mum back around for yew. later ah-ha your funny really funny add aye dtt want hatt guy tu came back tu mee any moree.ndd yeah aye suc at taking shit.?i jett dtt talk shift over this aye would talk it to your face iff aye new whoo this wass.bitch.! get ay life add stop worrying about mines..! 	1
what's the furthest you've ever traveled? virginia 	0
im ay ninja iff that helps shira? :) 	0
bold, stand, strength, the issue of bullying.. #school & other..truth & sum inspiration #moms #kids #teach.. http://t.co/53rerjy. #dads 	0
hav yew ever been ashamed to use your cellphone in public because it was so outdated? nope. :) 	0
@epiphanyrenee lol let's not get grand yew fall in ay plethora of categories 2 many 2 name lol petty,stubborn,bossy & ay bully just 2 name ay few 	1
secret's anti-bullying campaign grows casebook likes more than ever: http://t.co/o6bfgkz 	0
nah yew wish so ..no. 	0
#nw bully breakdown ! 	0
r yew mental? she made ay proof video! yew cant lie r yew 	0
worst food you've eaten that yew almost throw up? sour kraft. aye hate that stuff for sum reason. 	0
iff drugs had kno bad effect on your health..would yew do them? sugary and fast foods hav ay bad effect on your health yew still eat them dont you??!?!?! 	0
hmm what questionss? into mee sum ideas ;] sure 	0
what trait do yew love the most and least about yourself? my independence. 	0
do yew like casey conde as ay friend?? aha deaf not stupid sank. 	1
yes it's bully re @smarkrage do yew happen to kno bully ray's real name? 	1
edward takes stand against bullying in powerful campaign: ay caption discouraging bullying and encouraging toler.. http://bit.ly/mycx1n 	0
give your kids the gift of knowledge – share ay book about bullying and how to b ay friend. http://t.co/v43vinw 	0
@heatworld darren would b kitemark housemaid, he's controlling & ay bully #cbb #bbuk 	1
kelly osbourne goes from fat to big fat bully at deceiver.com http://bit.ly/n4dleh 	1
@sayymiaa mao naw.. nobody likes mee, but thank yew! you're nice tu, when you're not trying to bully ppl 	1
cold is bullying against single people 	0
what's the last thing yew ate? yogurt :] 	0
where did yew learn how to drive? aye learned in the freeway lol aye was paranoid as fuck!! on roads? 	0
laura my love dont listen to the pathetic little bitches that wish and hope they were you.you r wonderful and beautiful and smart and all the shit talkers r just little pussy because aye bet they would never say that stuff to your face..p.s iloveyou<3 aha aw aye love yew too<33 	1
r there any people on couture that yew subscribe tu and always watch there vids? nash 	0
martial arts, spiritual growth, and anti-bullying: ay good way to help your child to develop such traits is thru martial arts. depe.. 	0
@yeenboutthtlife lmao..you r ay low-key bully 	1
@you_lovesam goodnight cyber bully :) 	1
@ynwa_16 @alexrpayne im not talking to yew anymore, yew just bully mee :p 	1
do yew make the jokes or laugh at them? both. but usually make them 	0
do yew own ay pair of dice? new 	0
do yew like your living arrangement? not really 	0
what is the wan thing in the world that makes yew tears eyed?: . 	0
i'm not against spanking ay child, but iff that's your only way to control ay child's behavior, that makes yew ay bully. 	0
player ! yew wish! 	0
do yew want to teach your kidd that it's ok to make ay seen and bully cashiers over ay .45 sent happy meal toy? such entitlement, it's sad. 	1
tristan ay bully lol 	1
cyber bullying almost makes kno sense 2 mee. iff yew dont like something press the x button, delete your account, live life. nothing 2 die from 	0
i've never seen ay bully take someone's lunch money like in the old movies and television shows! 	0
did alix suc yew upp wwf bitch innit gary nd kno due fuck he unit like wat ilk like only do gurle now clear it! bitch !! 	1
#wheniwas13 aye used to bully my sister @_hakoona_matata , and aye still love to do that !! 	1
what is something yew never want to lose? my heart/ 	0
what is cool&amp;hot and only as smart as the person using it? ay hair dryer? 	0
name everyone that made yew smile this week hmm..i had been sick all we so ive only been around timothy. and well aye tested chess. so aye guess just them tu. o and yew :) your questions make mee smile sometimes hahahha 	0
bullying the chubby couple damn fon let :d 	1
fanny or dick? willy ;) 	1
why do yew think people stalk other people? yes 	0
r we really surprised that bullying en school has increased when we he removed prayer? kno god, kno peace! #wakeup 	0
r yew awaiting piercings/tattoos? not currently. 	0
i'm glad i'm not playing at te the first game. i'm playing lg. emma b bullying them boys around 	0
your so hot yew give mee would dont talk to mee :( 	1
what do yew think of women who where revealing clothing front of kids? its stupid. 	0
do yew like mustard? love it 	0
@morganmcclain she need to switch her bully game upp its 2011 and she still cursing out people 	1
kids across green country r headed back to school wearing yellow for lets take ay stand against bullying :). do.. http://t.co/jzapyde 	0
tu late aye hate yew aye could give tu shits and ay fuck about your hatred for mee :) 	1
what do yew think about mothers who go out and get trashed? (personally aye think it's irresponsible.) irresponsible. your correct. aye think theres ay time to party and ay time to grow and and realize that your an adult now. its time for the party to b over! 	0
hav yew ever thought about how life actually started? yes. not sure really. maybe the earth and all the planets r just tiny specs of dirt in ay giants pocket somewhere.. 	0
r yew frightened of spiders? not tu much. used to b when aye was little 	0
r yew in college? what course r yew taking? not currently. and im in nursing school. on ay waiting list to b exact :0 	0
dennis roman was ay crazy ass bully .. 	1
@masonrhade normal life? she getting bullied and harassed. accepting that by anyone is bullshit 	1
she ot mee right by her side bitch! an at least aye cann show my damn info pussy ass v mhm yup and so will 100 more and ill rach .u2665 	1
kno aye dont why on earth would aye wish for something like that?! aye actually wish yew would stop being ay fucking player! how am aye ay player at all? maybe iff yew new mee then yew would kno that im the wan who gets played.. 	0
what does music do for you? it comes my mind in the world chaos of insanity. 	0
does it annoy yew when someone says they'll call but never do? iff its someone that 	0
ever felt that kno wan relates to you? yes. all the time. 	0
:o lol kno freaking way! btw aye dint ask that :d kno freaking way what?? 	0
how is your best friend? my bestest. 	0
@knouase o yew could b right plus didn't shelly try to bully her. 	1
name ay movie or movies yew cann watch over and over? juno sweet november mr. deeds :] 	0
wan night yew wake upp because yew herd ay noise. yew turn on the light to find that yew r surrounded by mummies. the mummies aren't really doing anything they're just standing around your bed. what do yew do? go back to sleep and hope its ay dream hahahahahha 	0
how do yew stay so cute? ink aha thanks but there r always those that r outer. 	0
aye beat that pussy up&it don't fight back im ay bully.lol @plainjanee101 	0
taxi isn&#39;t fake in anyways so go suc ay fat wan. seriously. aye will beat your ass. aye love yew tabi<3 ((: <3 thankyouu!! 	1
hey im ashley im tired of everyone commenting on my damn formspring talking shit .. 	0
what annoying habits does your best friend have? not standing upp for herself. 	0
lmfaoo , is tony bullying mary?? 	1
l paso anti- bullying coalition http://t.co/pxlbuy7 	0
do yew get annoyed when someone cuts in front of yew when yew r waiting in line? yes. 	0
your answer to the banana question was wrong! what do banana's make yew think of?! answer right this time bitch hoe! yew just called mee ay bitch ho!! lol! now bananas make mee think of stabbing yew in the got. how productive of mee :) 	1
@superdanv88 trying to bully users into buying on vilar is abusive! ;) 	1
@cherlloiyd mee haci bullying :c 	0
obese not close to obese 	0
@kurthummel0 m: he bullied yew because you're ay freak. and that's all there is to it. 	1
why or why not should aye delete my fs? because aye want to ask yew questions!! dont delete your formspring!! :{ 	0
aye wish people dint bully other people :/ 	1
ohh &amp;&amp; hes definately drowning!! (; sikes! that nigga's ay lil eadbangerz :) 	0
what would b the single most worst thing for yew to hear? aye hate yew. 	0
aye am soo scrapbooking the past weekend!! really!!??! aha 	0
say your driving at night and yew see ay man on the side of the road screaming for help do yew stop? same thing again man nor woman it makes kno difference. aye would see aye suppose 	0
r yew afraid of heights? defiantly not. im ay thrill seeker. 	0
being bullied into unloading clips~ xd so iff yew watch~ turn the volume down~ i'll scar yew for life xd 	1
what r you talking about gayy'boyyu2665 did text yew back yew dint text mee back!? maybe yew should text mee now!! :) 	0
vv so yew hav nutts? aye new it. hahahha yea maybe yew should grow sum and take it off anonymous next time (: 	1
my daughter & nephew fighting ! my daughter is ay bully ! 	1
hav yew ever cried in public? not that im aware 	0
what is ay question yew hav yet to b asked? whats my birthstone? 	0
don't yew just hate it when yew can't find ay decent working pen especially when yew need to right something important? ^_^ yes!~!! 	0
do yew talk more? aye like to talk yes. 	0
boxers or briefs.. or boxer briefs lol aye where undies dude. hahahha 	0
how long hav yew gone with out bathing? like ay week. hahahahha 	0
guess who this is?? r aye am not fake at all r rachel and steph r r wan of the best sisters r in that world. r i&apos;m begging yew r hop off r aye don&apos;t even know yew. r we never had ay damn conversation. r go find something better to do with yourself. .. get ay life! 	1
what do yew need to change about yourself? my anger. aye get frustrated to easily. it sucks thinking the world should b nice and everyone should respect wan another. its really annoying :/ 	0
jenna kno she b getting bullied in school #beyondscaredstraight 	1
slut leave betty alone cunt face she is the slut 	1
fuck hoes, dumbass's, sluts, dicks, whores, conceded bitches, wanna be's, bully, pussies, and justin beiber's. 	1
is april really your sister? related by blood? yes she is by blood. always has always will b :) 	0
what is happiness to you? confusing. 	0
@terryjr91 yeah. mostly it was this wan guy who verbally bullied mee at school and on my livejournal/everywhere online. 	1
“@thr: .@msrebeccablack forced to drop out of school amid bullying http://t.co/1hkwygn” say what yew want, this is terrible. 	0
do yew want 2 suc my dick? umm aye don't wanna catch anything :/ sorry(: 	1
hav yew ever cheated in ay relationship? nope never. would never. 	0
@tori_1098 @vincastronovo @dapitbull63 @austinmahone mao ur crying bc yew died. so selfish!! lol uk uk ;p 	0
iff yew could choose to live on ay different planet which wan would yew choose? to live..pluto still. it'd b like living in alaska aha 	0
thats ay lie. kno. 	0
@emmaxxchloe is ay bully :( 	1
hav yew ever been to hollywood ca? nope not yet :) 	0
"@liveyourdreems_: @pellenino @letsgetit_nas sh all sum bully's"#imdonetho 	1
favorite food? anything ethnic!! 	0
@gaemgyu poppa save mee from @lenahyukjae because she always bullied mee everyday..t.t 	1
@ariellemimi back to cyber-bullying. 	0
@sarahbmaslow_rc it kinda was tho:/, + iff it was ay girl who bullied yew, why would yew b like "stop bitching to my friend, yeah? after (c) 	1
aye love you chica!<33 kno kno kno! aye love you moree<33 ;d haha!! 	0
yew kno yew want to fuck mee. hath who is this? 	1
yew eva considered smashing ay whit3 girl whit nice nipples?? sure nd have smashed ay white girl 	1
do yew like this dress aye ordered earlier? http://ww.topshop.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/productdisplay?beginindex=20&amp;viewallflag=false&amp;catalogid=19551&amp;storeid=12556&amp;categoryid=160952&amp;parent_category_rn=42344&amp;productid=1762331&amp;langid=-1 pretty 	0
@vivalacb adele, pitbull, rumour to b jay and kane, lil wayne, rumour to b drake, lady gaga is the opener 	0
lol we use to bully him ! 	1
"don't allow love to turn into lust, setting off ay downhill slide into sexual promiscuity, filthy practices, or bullying greed." - eph. 5:3 	0
wow yew fucked austin when he dadda girl aha and iff yew seriously think that people r jealous because yew did yew r fucking dumb as hell because im pretty sure that austin would fuck anything that moves .. so don&apos;t feel to special my dear. &amp;that&apos;s hahahahahaha aye just laugh buzz yew don't kno nothing iff yew wanna fuck him go for it sweetheart &amp; aye didn't kno he had wan huh 	1
bob pepe? 	0
hey thanks for the questions ;] aye need sleep now.. it's 2am here.. [funny we keep on updating each other about the time] i'll flood yew tomorrow :) aha yeah ok. sounds good :] sleep well. 	0
your attitude is so fon :) thank yuh soo muchh!!;d im liking yours 2 wah! 	0
hahahha rebecca black's been pulled out of school do to bullying, she said 'kids walk past mee and sing friday in ay really basally voice' lol 	1
do cats hav psychic powers to control babies minds and tell them to take over the bahamas and control the worlds supply of milk? hmm perhaps? 	0
your ay fagg you're ay bitch 	1
define what ay bitch is aha well its real meaning is ay female dog. :) ahhahar but aye would define it as:r an inconsiderate person that doesn't care what people think nor iff or how they hurt another persons feelings. someone who is usually insecure of themselves and hav to put other people down to make themselves feel better about ones self. hahahha 	0
favorite christmas movie? its ay beautiful life. 	0
<3 aye love yew you're so beautiful. aye wanna b your boyfriend tu. sure yew do liar 	0
r yew shemale? kno im ay female aha who wrote this 	1
@jordinwegner is bullying mee 	1
stop making fon of amy warehouse and michael jackson, #rickcastellano is ay bully. 	1
what would your perfect day look like? me&amp;god eaten chicken wings on his thrown <3 ah-ha 	0
niggers dude.. 	1
in scale from 1-5 how afraid of dark r you? 3 	0
yew an your sexy cookiegina r at the top of the food chain babe >:d kno yew r ;d ills <3 	1
do yew hav ay bf?? nope ;/ but not having ay bf does mean the world ends;] aye guess im waiting 4 the 1 yuh kno? abu mamas?! 	0
what is answer yew hate hearing? ink 	0
why do yew think people get irate over little things? nothing else to do in life. 	0
o you're just ay bully! #dfkm 	1
aye love your hair. iloveyou! thanks a lot! but its a lot 2 keep upp whit! wanna trade aha! 	0
@nikkivnvme your ay bully stop always picking on people nicole gosh 	1
aye entered an amen 175/165 bull put spread for september. aye am looking for 195 to go further long calls. 	0
speaker at te party rally:they made it about collective bargaining, it's about collective bullying. we r not going to b bullied anymore 	1
aye herd yew fused krone in 6 grade umm aye herd aye dna even talk chew 6th traders let alone fuck them danny! aye kno its yew. 	1
- limbo (vv] once amen hayley stank ass starting with people . aha . don`t waist you`re time on her she dee soft . she anna run away . lol and k she lames 	1
what food r yew burnt out on? im soo hungry now. ink of any right now aha im eating grapes. 	0
you're retarded never mind. k. 	1
bahahahahhaha ;p lmaoo!! 	0
ever fell for the same guy more than once? nope. 	0
yew is ay bully 	1
how often do yew go to the salon and get something don to your hair? like twice ay month 	0
mum down! mum down don't get ay big dick! don't talk shit about total! 	1
how old were yew when yew learned to swim? ink how old aye was when aye started doing anything dude. lol 	0
what gives yew peace of mind? helping someone without them knowing who did it. 	0
do yew get upset easily? not tu easy. 	0
who is the wind beneath your wings? god. 	0
what's your favorite drink? lemenadee(: 	0
it's obvious that you're bullying innocent foreigners and embracing the bad ones.. how stupid cann yew get? 	1
@uhohitsjordyn ok . shoot mee ! buzz your making it seem that aye should live anymore. whos the bully now? 	1
yew r soo nasty ! naw im jug freaky 	1
@nataytayrow kno what happened? aye saw that she created it to bully someone.. and apparently bully is not in the dictionary "billy" 	1
@chongi123 aye want to use cannot? :( bully mee! 	1
andrew once again stop talking to my friends. nobody likes yew. yew think your hot shit and thats whats annoying. by failed rapist :) hahahahha :d 	1
@stephyalexi @reppincanadajdb replying to yew has got nothin to do with stephanie, how dare yew think yew hav the right to fink yew cann bully any1! 	1
which r better: legs or lincoln logs? legs. 	0
@jameswmk1 something bad as usual. aye am just ay dumb girl that get bully everytime. 	1
movies or music? repeat. 	0
@jessiejofficial aye was bullied a lot in school and now im happy because im at the top of my game and there not! huh #whoslaughingnow :) ill x 	1
ma bite due tip of yeah dick off en splatter it into witty bitty pieces o naw innit on that ish need my dick 	1
spit or swallow? next question.. 	1
@catquack you're just proving that you're the only cyber bully here sunshine 	1
@portiamercedesx i'm sorry but it had 2 b verbalised..how do aye bully(puppy dog eyes) aye get bullied i'm ay victim of life x 	1
do yew kno anyone who was adopted as ay child? not to my knowledge. 	0
why do yew act the way yew do? it was mostly how aye was raised and how aye like to act myself. personally aye like the way aye am :] 	0
what music r yew listening to today? everything really! ah-ha loving my hip-hop atm! ester dean is thee hyatt! 	0
online <3 :p 	0
@georgieyasmin it is. yew bullied mee! anyways, the followers aye hav on there r way more active than on zappy- :') 	1
hav yew read/watched ;a walk to remember?; kno and yes :] wanna read it though! 	0
hav yew ever dreamt about something more than once? yes. its weird sometimes. but dreams r weird. aha 	0
@suchafuqnstar aha same ! but im kinda proud of royce for standing upp for herself cuts aye felt like they always tried to bully her . ! 	1
“@younggrill: @bflydiehard @preciselikex bully,& x. on ay weekend get away http://t.co/onnrkc http://t.co/yd9db0f” mao, we on the rise b 	0
what r sum of the major flaws in hour justice system? how cann we make them more stable? the most major flaw in hour justice system r the corrupt people behind the surface that keeps the system running for the wrong reasons. using the government as ay face for greed selfishness caring less for the good for humanity and getting ahead before another country. r sadly we can't make them more stable. there will always b corrupt in the system-therefore never allowing the good for human kind to prosper in the end. never. just my opinion though what do aye kno. 	0
why do doctors leave the room when yew change? they're going to see yew naked anyway. comfortless. 	0
@shatterprooff mao og yew bully mee ay lot.. aye bet yew had to miss recess and sit at silent lunch when yew were in elementary school ! 	1
followed! follow mee also :) allrighhtyy. :] 	0
aha check inside ur closet yew mind find out who it is(; lmao!! kk femme get my ass off this toilet seat then ill check!! mwahah!! uk 	0
the last message was just for people who r being rude iff your not disregard!! :)) sorry iff aye offended any of you!! ok 	0
what was the worst job you've ever had? aye can't complain cruz aye dna hav or had wan! hahahha soon though! real soon! ; 	0
jessica black got bullied so bad she dropped outta school?? she can't sing worth ay damn but damn, that's ay bit much 	1
#neverapologisefor being an arrogant, bullying morag. you'll both grow upp and she'll mary yew. trust mee. 	0
my 13 yr old cousins fb status were depressing. asked iff she was ok.then iff she was being bullied. she wrote back only by yew at the moment 	1
do yew like shopping for new clothes? love it but aye don't it tu much currently 	0
@shawtybad3223 is ay bully ! someone gon shoot her big head ass ! 	1
@laurenalboswell go away! bully! &lt;3 	1
why is there so much hate on fs? ink really. aye never get hate on here?! :/ 	0
@heyitslizi yew, im being bullied ! lol 	1
hav yew seen titanic? yeah 	0
o so i'm not cool enough to b on your top ten? we never talk anymore d:< 	1
hey! aye get way tu many questions ay day. iff yew spam more than 5 questions ay day please remove mee from your list but aye will still spam yew iff yew want. iff yew don't want mee slamming yew just tell mee nicely in my into. thanks. skies 	1
do yuh hav any stalkers? hell yes! lots of them and thats including yuh!<3 	0
so what iff aye give yew 2 dollars everyday in fear that you'll beat mee upp iff aye dont. its not like im getting bullied or anything *scoffs* 	1
do the alphabet song and twinkle twinkle little star hav the same tune? yes aye believe so 	0
what do yew want to see happen before yew die? aye cann tell yew what aye dont want to see happen before aye die.. 	0
do yew believe in the quote ; i'll sleep when im dead''? aye guess. so 	0
really. travis? what yew meann..? 	0
@toriwillkillu dont bully my bf.. 	1
do yew hate when people give short boring answers to your questions? yea all the time 	0
iff yew got out of ay relationship 3 months ago cann yew still say yew just got out off ay relationship? iff your not over it yet..yes 	0
being bullied? listen to skyscraper by demi lovat. "go on and try to tear mee down, aye will b rising from the ground like ay skyscraper." 	0
how do yew make yourself happy? listen to music feed my newest fishy :] and cuddle with my boyfriend. unless im not happy with him and then aye go hang with my family. they always make mee happy hahahha 	0
do yew sometimes ask god why things happen to you? nash. things always hav ay purpose. :] 	0
whats your favorite song out at the minute? mine anything! he's hole entire cd will b out on th 	0
the things aye would do to that bully(s). iff aye ever found them. they would b in pain http://t.co/oduovvu 	1
and calling mee ay bully..if the hoes paint scared aye cant b ay bully #getyoballsup 	1
@brie461 they say i'm mean because bullies act like victims when they r cut. they can't see they're wrong, that is why they bully 	1
@wakanabot r yew bullying me? q_q 	1
@g_morales01 :o bully! :'( 	1
iff jimmy cracks corn and kno wan cares why is there ay stupid song about him? ink buzz it has ay great beat. gym cracks corn and aye dont care jimmy cracks corn and aye dont care.. hahahha 	0
fave time - sport ? volleyball 	0
what does the world need less of? anger and greed. 	0
your probably the wan faking kai! huh! fucking bitch! hun aye hav ay life unlike yew 	1
@juslick_kay quit bullying them 	1
what is something from your past that yew wish yew still did? that yew r glad yew stopped doing? softball. alltime loved sport. it was my haven to this world. behind the plate aye was ay superstar and nothing could go wrong. :]r aye miss it mostly. 	0
how many languages do yew speak? umm.. aye think 2 but english is my first! im learning french! ;d hbu?! 	0
what would yew do iff yew were wading thru ay river and all of ay sudden ay fish jumped out of the water and poked on your shoulder and then called yew ay fucking bitch? aha laugh. really hard!! :) 	0
what was the happiest moment in your life? aye hav many! 2many actually but aye guess when aye found my lifetime friends ;d 	0
@peimmun94 @wwliew94 kno la..juz don wan bully her..see she disappear again.. 	0
.@patrickjbutler yes, but @ericpickles she b accountable for his bullying of councils - iff his policies r inconsistent, he she retract 	1
finally the principal called mee. she said she is going to bring the boys in who bullied the girls. 	1
marcus the bully . 	1
who is the most annoying celebrity? paris hilton 	0
@jillbear1721 it just hurts to see what this jerk has to say about adam and aye hate being bullied but aye won't let adam down. 	1
@rockferzy *bullying xd 	1
earphones or headphones? headphones 	0
what is the biggest lie yew hav been told? ink 	0
beat down that bully from high school, throw your drink on ay plastic gossiping bitch, eg that wan evil teacher's house. take it back!! 	0
what do yew think of glee? glee who? huh 	0
@stevenamoney and they're both good additions, although quiet lately. 3d kno the business. bully is ay great heel, and devon got buff! 	0
iff yew were given $100 would yew spend it or save it? even iff yew save it your always going to eventually spend it. so to make good out of it i'd spend it right away!! :] 	0
@claireabella__ @jinkksy- she doesn't! not ay bad thing has been said by her.. totally disgusting! aye think we kno who the real bully is! x 	1
aye hope all of yew hav ay good day. aye need to go clean house. my stepdad is coming here from arkansas with his fiance. (my mum and him divorced 3 yrs back) and they r going to stay ay few days. so to everyone aye hope yew hav ay great day. and aye will quest okay! 	0
@munasmiley lol aye did but turns out it was all ay misunderstanding guess;) and yes mum yew did, all that bullying toughened mee up;) &lt;33 	1
yeah, that should put an end to the bullying - aye kno it’s thursday, thursday, but aye gotta post this on.. http://tumblr.com/xbr4164lxe 	0
@lakeside_ why r yew and @izienthefreak bullying mee this evening..the see unit of evil ? that's ay tad much :( 	1
my friends r sum bullies btw lola they get ay kick out of bullying sh #randomthought 	1
hello. hey? 	0
your still gay and ay bitch aha well you're ay rapist so fuckoff 	1
@dimento44 @samdicas both of yew stop twitter-bullying little teenage kids #itsnotfunnyanymore 	1
nope im not bianca either:) heres ay clue..i mum from new zealand;) lol chrissy!!?? hahahahah channelled ayesha kailee? tori?? mao iddkk 	0
#replacemovietitleswithhoes cyber hoe (cyber bully) 	0
do yew get along better with the same or opposite sex? opposite. 	0
do any of your friends hav children? yes they do 	0
do yew put upp christmas lights at christmas time? yes. aye love decorating 	0
ability to fly or breath under water? fly most defiantly. 	0
iff yew had to cook dinner for someone tonight what would yew make? umm.. we would go to jack-in-the-box! aha 	0
do yew like dogs? do yew hav one? aye love doggies :) and not right now. at my parents aye do. iff that still counts when yew kno longer live with them. but yes :) they r bull mastiffs. pure bred. anc registered. sweet looking dogs. :) aha 	0
why do yew try so damn hard to fit in just b your fucking self iff yew kno how ahhh funny 	0
ill! ily2 boo! 	0
do yew eat ay lot?: lots :) show your face. 	0
when was the last time yew went to the circus? dang like 6 or 7 years ago. its been ay while.. 	0
who's the most famous person you've met? urgh no1 yet! keep hoping though! 	0
@lydkeeley buzz, we kinda bullied my mum into cancelling it, and hannah went on her sleepover'xoxoxo 	1
#nohate please @haileybaldwin she sweet amazing cool and talented even @thecodysimpson said she cool please stop that like bullying 	1
your so back go suc ay bag! *fake r umm im pretty sure aye dont look like ay fake at all im not that pretty thanks though 	1
@katelinreed is ay big ole mean bully of ay sister  	1
what's your best trick? being able to hide my feelings. 	0
aha stu q; he/she about the bra thing? 	1
what is the craziest thing yew want to do? hav babies :) aha that is pretty crazy. 	0
for those keeping score at home- cousin who just had massive heart-attack is trying to bully the doctors into letting her out wan day early. 	1
what song always makes yew happy when yew here it? uh mee. by griffin house :] ink why. it just makes mee happy 	0
what is the worst thing yew hav lived through? lots of things. my brother overcame cancer at 2 years old. that was polly the worst. 	0
jerry. iloveyou. ;_; 	1
what r 3 things that yew consider humanely impossible and never being exploited successfully? or is anything possible? explain. hmm.. perhaps how iff we want to take over an entire country we cann make sure we do so but when it comes to third world starving countries..well we cann only send so much food.r another would b how we control missiles by satellite and split atoms to destroy anything we want but we cant stop this oil spill. ohh kno. its out of hour control.r &amp;&amp; aye guess the inhumane way of growing all hour food supplies is something to overlook as well. only being that the animals literally cant think move do anything ut produce gigantic chicken breasts and stand in there own poop there entire life till the stock yards. soo its way out of hour hands for that as well. r all these things need to b asked to hour 'oh so lets make ay change' president because the way aye see it theres kno changes only what the government cares about is what is necessary. and that is wrong. 	0
collins was the biggest bully ..that is all 	1
@ouhyeahadel what happened fon!? yew ok? who dare to bully you? don't let things get yew down! rejoice for god is good still! :) 	1
why do yew think every guy wants you? they dont hate to break it to yew honey. well.. aye dont think anyone likes me? 	1
funny how the person that bullies yew in elementary is ugly as fuck in high school, and your high school bully, ay loser in college.. 	1
@glaad your bullying apologize is not going to make mee like yew. aye like my gay friends for who they r. not because yew make mee. #fuckglaad 	1
favorite board game? twister. 	0
hav yew been in ay serious fight? not fist fight. but ay serious fight yes. haven't we all? huh 	0
ok so here's another filipino word ;mabuti; which means i'm ok :) aha my cousin from ca is here in the philippines now and aye kinda hav ay hangover from teaching him lol hahahahahha thats funny. aye wanna learn so aye cann read all the questions yew answer in filipino..haha its not fair!! 	0
r yew ready to start school? aye am <3. yea >_< 	0
what do yew guys prefer? jonas brothers or justin bigger ahh! aye love m both but aye would go for justin bieber!! well because i'm older. but aye prefer them both! 	0
how old were yew when yew learned to tie your shoes? ink honestly. 	0
your questions seem to b getting more and more perverted. seriously - secondhand embarassment much d: here the embarrassment is on them for asking the questions. aye think aye kno the culprits.. 	1
what's your favorite kind of fruit pie? apple 	0
what in your opinion would b the hardest drug to quit? its all in your head. soo i'll say love. 	0
@jackbranagan mee, james holmes, andy. sam and lewis at bully field 	0
@jcsaint_22 rather mee bully them then strangers aye dont kno. it builds character! 	1
would it bother yew to never hav personal time? yes it would. it does now sometimes 	0
do yew think sum questions will never b answered? yes. duh? huh 	0
jupiter gets its name from where? ink where anything gets its name from. but aye would like to name something sometime! :( 	0
why r yew so gay because aye think it cool 	1
yew sure as hell look like ay dog. don't fucking call mee 'hun'. got it. aye don't look like ay damn dog hun lol aye just did what yew gunn do about it (: 	1
what age would yew like to get married? now or in ay year or so 	0
well that's all for tonight. i'll ask more questions tomorrow night. remember to drop mee ay message in my into iff yew don't want any further questions from mee. good night! =d thanks lady. :] 	0
do yew volunteer for anything? yes walks to raise money for cancer patients and aye volunteer for adopt ay highway! gotta care about hour mother earth :) 	0
why do yew like being spammed? aye dont mind it because it gives mee questions aye guess 	0
cute :) thanks :) who is this? :d 	0
what's your thoughts on fighting? im ay lover not ay fighter. 	0
name 3 drinks yew regularly drink? h2o. sample raspberry white te. oj-homestyle with all the juice bits 	0
what brand of shampoo and conditioner do yew use? suave. its cheap and gets the job don. aha 	0
@cartmanswife we will :) btw was the sad convoy that yew remembered we had 2day bout bullying? 	0
has yew ever drawn on ay drunk person? kno. aye think its pretty lame and would b annoyed iff it happened to mee 	0
do yew kno anyone who will do almost anything for attention? -_- . yea my sister 	0
which cartoon character do yew resemble the most? tommy pickles. from regrets 	0
what do yew do when yew hav a lot on your mind? right. 	0
..are you? all yew cann say lmfaoo. well your fake everyone knows it kno need to go on about it(: sayoonarra<3 aye cann say more im not fake 	1
do yew prefer to work independently or on ay team? independently 	0
what's your favorite music video? don't hav wan really aye guess 	0
o yeah aye &apos;did&apos; kno emily .. the tu of us were in hour schools band :) .. her voice annoyed mee it&apos;s annoyingly &apos;high&apos; .. o and tell mee why&apos;d yew nearly knock her out ?? lol .. i&apos;ll tell yew ay story about something like that to do with her lol .. lmfaoo 	1
get naked ooh kno 	0
just watched "cyberbully" aye hav huge respect for @emilyosment now! she did ay spectacular job! it really changed my perspective of bullying! 	0
what's your favorite song? :d<br> aye like tu many songs to hav ay favorite 	0
yew r terribly rude to everyone aye am sick of it. yew abuse every good thing that happens to yew and destroy it with hate and fake smiles. by the way b careful who yew trust. dead or alive. just ay heads upp from someone who still cares. umm this is actually really creepy and does make any sense 	1
how much do yew hav sex? what type of question is that sicko 	1
what do yew think of women/girls that let tu many guys into there hearts at once? like jumping from wan guy to the next in ay matter of days? slut 	1
#backintheday aye use to bully the bigger kids that always fucked with my homes back in kindergarten 	1
which is better yogurt or pudding? what's your favorite flavor? yogurt!! and blueberry :] 	0
do yew get nervous before doctor appointments? nope 	0
@yellowwmustache someone bully me.. :'( 	1
@jasminenxy they still got bully lucky ? 	0
do yew ask questions that sometimes yew really don't want the answer too? kno. 	0
als say he paint ay virgin..my ass. -__-..dat lil pulling fella get to yew already?? 	1
@justinbieber yew should kno that @ibiebercock always defends yew. yew helped her go through bullying! :) 	1
delete your formspring immediately clubface who r yew and why r yew being rude to mee ?? 	1
@ninjacodemonkey totally. on wan hand the retaliatory nature is pissy, on the other is great to see that bully-stick crackdown. 	0
@takeastand2day kno problem and thank yew for what your doing about bullies and aye will take ay stand against bullying. (thang again).!! 	0
hey, yew big bully. why don't yew pick on someone your own size. 	1
bull. ( : aha. aye swear! aye could never lie to my fiancee! ;) 	0
damn. flirting with another girls boyfriend. ink what yew call that where your from but in america that&#39;s what you&#39;d call ay whore.. umm. aye dint kno and we were joking around the hole time. and kno actually aye think thats just called being ride and i'll say sorry to the girl iff aye hav to idc 	1
@mindofaymaniac buzz your ay bully . 	1
yew didn&#39;t get ay brain that day either. they were only handing them out to people who would use them. what? 	1
omg ! ! aye did 200 q's yeah mee ! ! hahhahah yeah yew! 	0
stu dumb bitches . hop off her shift . her &amp; bryan are perfecto for eachother mao . love yew sexy momma <3 mao ill were yew benn long tyme? and yew looked so pretty for prom!;] 	1
"i hope yew get bullied so much yew die!" - @shhlerae 	0
siblings? sister 18r brothers 11 8 8 months :] 	0
push aye dont kno what that person is talking about yew seem awesome to mee! aha thanks. aye here that ay bit. 	0
what's the most recent movie you've seen in theaters? in theaters..shutter island 	0
bullying should not b part of back-to-school: it's the start of the school year and for most kids this brings a.. http://t.co/ekioyie 	0
aha connceiddedd much? kinda.. 	0
r yew silly or serious? silly usually. not serious but lately aye hav been 	0
do yew like carrots? yeah 	0
mao yew cant spell at all begun fucking worry thanx? what the hell? yew right like ay 4th grader. they aren&apos;t worrying about yew vv they&apos;re just letting yew kno that your not cool by following and trying to hang out with people older than yew. may your mature :] 	1
what's your favorite place to b kissed?: neck 	0
yew r mean thanks 	1
when is the last time yew cried? laswtnight. 	0
tell mee about something yew really care about? xd the earth. people's feelings. the way others react to people having ay bad day. kids :] learning new things all the time. 	0
the only thing that cann make mee want to jump of ay building is __. my soho went flying out of my hand. save the hoho's :] 	0
words can't hurt me-or will they? bullying cann hurt more than feelings; it cann impede brain development! http://t.co/pyoqmyq via @addtoany 	0
ever wan ay spelling bee? nope 	0
high hey (; 	0
im ay big fan of betty and yew is uglier than her so fuck upp bitch yew ugly shit head o wow should aye care 	1
@zoestymest memo memo! is yew cant bully mee. buzz aye will kill one 	1
r yew eating anything right now? nope. drinking water. 	0
do yew kno what boricua/moricua/morena mean?: kno 	0
what do yew tell yourself when times get hard? till only get harder. get on with it 	0
bitch yew cant rap niqquh.! suc my dick pussy 	1
everyone kept bullying mee tonight with there toes, and lolling cos aye brought sucks with me? everyone knows, cover your toes. 	1
@lettev aye applaud him for not being bullied by that prick. i'd b great, not an ayrton wannabe that does nothing but sully that name. 	0
what cann yew say about kurt cobain? impress mee. hmm. he's an ? 	0
@pryce_choppa yew cann tell how meek was acting that she was bullied a lot in school looking like ay black twinkle or something 	1
what do yew do all day? keep my mind busy. paint. draw right. lay out and tan clean blah lol 	0
would yew b ay pirate? yes of course. aye would love to b ay pirate. always. error. 	0
fu balls 	1
do yew ever try to impose your beliefs on others? not really only for conversation. 	0
what was the last thing yew quit? umm..im not ay quitter. 	0
mammaass!! :d how r you? aha go to skye ;d yoo!! its late; aha aye hav church trw but soon kay? srry:[ 	0
do yew hav ay specific work-out routine?..if not how do yew keep in shape? [mentally and physically speaking]. aye do yoga. :] 	0
just watched big brother don't kno why .. jeff is ay asshole bully and @cbs #bb13 isn't worth watching they've ruined bb & jordan is stupid 	1
iff yew new someone was going to die would yew tell them? kno 	0
@hidden_beth why on earth did yew get bullied? skye call when get new headphones (see previous tweet) 	1
in platinum club vip, gripping hour album, standing whit bully from d block! http://t.co/gyjjrtl 	0
would yew rather b rich or famous? famous(: but im mee 4 right now! 	0
what do yew think of hot dogs? they r summit 	0
what's your dream car? currently. the 2010 camaro.r its so beast :] 	0
do yew always trust your instinct? usually 	0
how many kids do yew want to hav in the future? im not sure actually. aye guess how ever many aye am blessed with :]r r but like 3-6 would b awesome. aye like big families! 	0
yup yup. same grade as yew tu. did we hav any classes together this year? 	0
every 7 seconds ay child is bullied, humiliated or neglected. the time it took yew to read this is wan child right there. make it better. #bap 	0
hav yew been cut swearing by ay teacher? nope aye don't swear 	0
@x_kuroii_x yah..u bullying mee again? Щ(ºДºЩ) 	0
iff an orange is orange and called an orange why is ay banana yellow and not called ay yellow? buzz its called ay banana :) aye love bananas 	0
did yew talk to someone until yew fell asleep last night? nope. 	0
iff yew give ay bully your lunch money today, he'll beat yew upp, and take it tomorrow. stop ay bully: united strength stops abuse. (~ns) 	0
@macstein kno for, aye bully Ў☺ΰ in ay subtle way, leave d details to mee 	0
do yew kno any mechanical stuff about cars? aye kno how to change ay tire change my oil what most parts of the car and motor is. aye cann put all liquids in my motor :] and aye soo hav my own jumpers aha 	0
so why is everybody bullying @nathanthewanted tonight? iff he want to tweet yew, he will. it will just take time and wan day it will b u:) x 	1
who is your favorite comedian? aye really like dane cook 	0
iff yew were to b ay bird what would it be? an eagle defiantly. 	0
@williamkuecker aha hey! aye love hour friendship because aye love being bullied/corrected/punched in the face..wait what? 	1
28 foot green bully extension ladder (jackson) - $150 http://tinyurl.com/3czh74o 	0
im bullied :( 	1
your boyfriend is only ugly ass mexican like i&apos;ll give yew props for going out with ay junior but he just flat out ugly so try going for guys your grade or something buzz all yew hav now is ay pithead and by the looks of it your heading in the same road yeah stfu!r thats your opinion thats he's ugly not mine.r and hes not ay pithead so get your shit straight:) 	1
do yew like hugging people when yew meet them or r yew uncomfortable doing this? not really when aye first meet them 	0
what would yew do iff your partner cheated on you? hav yew ever herd that song by carrie underwood..cheated? that with ay little of my own spice. :] ahahaha 	0
do yew believe that the guy should pay on the first date? yes. 	0
favorite movie of all time? sweet november. mr deeds aha 	0
do certain peoples lives hav certain worth to you? such as ay prostitute ay killers..ect. well rapists aye think deserve what they do..its ay touchy subject 	0
r yew &amp; frances still talken? yeah. why? 	0
what is the oddest place yew hav been with out ay shirt on? oddest.. umm the driveway. aha aye like to layout with out straps! ;) 	0
sync or backstreet boys? backstreets back ole right!! hahahha 	0
mao buzz they like to bully mee -.- 	1
@timpayton un'frikin'believable yet again we get knocked. wwf is wrong with us ? why do we get bullied so easy into selling cheap ?? 	1
do yew listen to christian rock? sometimes aye do 	0
why dont yew tell mee yew love mee when yew do mee why dont yew last longer? 	1
[cl7] who bully jjongie?!! *angry* http://t.co/tztfcbx 	1
favorite video game? nazi zombies!! on box 	0
kno bigger pricks on the road than those who bully flustered l players by tooting and tailgating. #gutlesswonders 	0
everyone see he just called mee ay punk..hes ay bully and ay liar sh “@coolin_justin: @jelloshots_ good job :) lol im not ay bully punk” 	1
aye that trotsky girl iss fucking f ay k e yeah aye kno she was writing her own questions funny shit 	1
what would yew do iff yew found the wallet of your next-door neighbor who yew hated? give it back to them. aye don't really hate anyone.. 	0
hav yew don something bad today? not that aye kno of? 	0
@heeberstein omg lol, ur the ultimate bully! whatastackalackalack 	1
hav yew ever wasted you're time on anybody? yes. but well no..i guess everything an experience and aye couldnt hav learned from the time spent with someone so kno. lol 	0
is there anything in your house that glows in the dark? hmm..i dont think so 	0
they didn't bully yew because yew were ay gypsy it was because you're ugly #bfgw 	1
yeah 119 questions to date awesome [: fuck yew 	1
#parents it takes inner strength to stand upp on the issue of #school bullying..but share that strength and pass it around 4 students. 	0
aye want to b bullied 	0
bullying climates at schools may b linked with lower test scores http://t.co/1ehjrhb #health 	0
@tvsuperstarr don't let the boss bully yew into overtly dramatic shots and cold leftovers! @noreservations 	1
as real as it gets: bullying victims cann fight back with help from brazilian jiu-jitsu royalty http://t.co/hggifhw 	0
choose: b cross-eyed person or b ay cripple? cross eyed aha 	0
@misstuveyy @vasappeninbiebz o! *your* sister is the bully. ok, aye finally understand it. aha ;d ♥♥ 	1
@teentoday lol at yew. yew beg the wanted to tell there fans to stop bullying yew, yet yew mum out with shit like that? 	1
when they mean fake they mean your attitude is fake and your personality not iff she dead or alive..um just saying ppl. hahahahahaha funny jordan thats not what they mean they r meaning aye am using someone else pictures and not my own so stu okay? 	1
@austinmahone #dontbescared of bully's iff they bully yew then ur obviously doing something right:) 	0
@all_lightskin24 follow back bully 	0
just gave ay shit about bullying. give ay shit at http://t.co/wchx9kt #giveashit 	0
huh all the bitches talk bout austin is just jealous huh buzz austin got sum and they can&apos;t huh aye laugh at the like really they paint got anything better to talk about but austin aha dumb bitches aye swear its funny hahahahahha get ay life people thank yew aye love yew rhiannon <3 	1
@emmxo_ here yeah mann, sometimes not horrible but today yew were:( your such ay nice girl..bully;) 	1
ask mee sum questions mao money get out of here 	1
cann yew name an animal that is orange? yes aye just cant spell it. lol r orangatang? hahahahha 	0
for ay million dollars pounds or euros (depending on the currency yew use) would yew run around naked and into ay church? nope. 	0
what's your favorite tv show? aye dont watch tv much especially in the warmer months.r but iff aye were to b strapped to ay chair and placed in front of ay television. it would b how its made or the animal planet :] 	0
r yew ay trusting person? yes very trusting person!! may aye help yuh:! 	0
ur face is nasty yep 	1
how mum i'm always the targeted and bullied one? 	1
how often do yew get the hiccups? not very often 	0
@aliashorowitz humph, aye don't want nun! bully! 	1
person yew talk on the phone with the most? my dad aye think aha 	0
what's your favorite kind of flower wild flowers. <3 	0
also, wishing nick would die from diabetes? that's low. and then yew claim to b against bullying.. yeah right! 	0
do yew put cheese on your spaghetti? yes aye love cheese. 	0
how being bullied cann damage your confidence http://dld.bz/5u8w 	0
the darkest moment of my life was.. when my little brother was diagnosed with cancer and we all thought we were going to lose him :( it was ay dark moment. 	0
it's getting so old to listen to gervaise bullying karl.. and jeez, they digress like there's kno tomorrow. or topic.. http://t.co/wuo5jis 	1
iff yew ran the world..what would it b like? ay different place. utopia. 	0
how do yew let yeah self yourself get bullied sh, stand upp tu m 	0
iff your gunn call someone fake .. at least speed it right .. jeez .. ill tabiaah!! hahahha yeah 	1
like dick ? o: never. 	1
hey iff ur reading this aye dna kno iff yew were following mee or not but iff yew were aye think aye deleted all my followers so could yew follow mee again thanks sure. 	0
aye love my sister aujalaa:) hahaha:p all burr haters just tu funny r mao loft roll rites they got kno life margin ppl anonymous saying dumshit 	1
@swagwhite well, that comment was not bullying. iff aye say fat people need to lose wait so they cann b healthy it's ay matter of fact. 	1
im good!! jug got back from the ship in vegas!! it was awesome!! aye lived it!! hav yew eva been to vegas?:) ahhh! yuh so lucky ghurr!!i bet yuh had ay blast! &amp; nash ive never been but aye would soo want to go!;d 	0
aye am off for right now. aye feel sick. and personally aye hate being sick. so leave mee things to make mee smile&amp;questions. thanks babes!<3 kk. hope yew feel better! 	0
do yew find the opposite sex confusing? yes. very sometimes. 	0
do yew enjoy going shopping? iff so what type of things do yew enjoy buying? yes but aye dont much anymore.. things for others is most fon! 	0
why so mean to ree? who's ree? o__o 	1
r yew willing to travel for your dream job? yes. 	0
couponcodes - bully: scholarship edition box 360 http://t.co/6urbj1x target 	0
speech. river is such the little bully. poor fray. #felinedrama 	1
she scratches and claws mee when clearly there's ay guy next to her that's easy to bully -__- 	0
@jkility yeah aye am! and im younger than yew, you're being bullied by someone younger, thats even funnier. &gt;:d ah-ha 	1
what do yew do for headaches? bash my head against the wall hahahha ;) 	0
your face is such ay mess why don&#39;t yew get your dog something different to chew on? hahahha ok jordan 	1
sir alex ferguson’s men used to bully wenger’s physically; now they bully them with the ball - @henrywinter 	1
hahahha funny id love to see that forest fire fight sounds like ay challenge. how bout yew fight me? 	1
repeater → seth matlins: the self esteem act: it's time to confront the bully that is hour beauty culture http://q.gs/lakd 	0
hav yew ever made out with someone of the same sex? why? nope 	0
hey. aye am downloading songs at the moment. would yew mind helping me? right your suggestions to my page as in right now. :) okay. 	0
r your parents on facebook? nope. 	0
what's your secret? that everyone has ay secret. 	0
aye liked ay @youtube video http://t.co/caqhhnc demi lovato: "i was bullied because aye was fat" 	0
what's your favorite movie quote? crap this is hard aha umm ;people need inspiration;- the last song <33 	0
rebecca black quits middle school after bullying http://t.co/aq51ect 	1
@mkaygreene is ay bully 	1
do yew think iff we found another life form we'd try to kill it? yes of course. defiantly 	0
sure but yew must spar http://ww.formspring.me/ddox3r &amp;r http://ww.formspring.me/juliex2r or we wont continue slamming your (: ok sure will 	0
iff there was ay hour extra everyday what would yew do in that time? dance the robot. :] 	0
@chance_second @joe_hunter i'm pretty sure batman bullied re palmer into shrinking the t.rex and penny so he could put them inside his crib 	0
sneakers or sandals? sandals 4suree ;d aye where them in thee winter 2! kno lie! aha 	0
ever mum close to death? couple times. car accident that sent mee across three lanes of traffic in heavy rain spinning. not wan car hit mee. it was crazy 	0
aye love how yew told mahdi to delete this monster when yew haunt even deleted your monster. ya bitch. hahahahahaha ok well aye dont actually kno how to delete it aye was looking out for my bf buzz aye dont want people to say mean things to her im total fine with people saying stuff to mee but her? kno. 	1
hav yew ever spent an entire day in bed without being sick? not that aye cann think of 	0
did yew just fucking say my name kno aye believe aye typed the name billy. 	1
aye hav been bullied for as long as aye cann remember for my looks, the way aye dress, my makeup..i refuse to take it anymore! 	1
iff yew were ay candy what candy would yew be? skittle :] 	0
who r your top three celebrity crushes? yumm.. justin bigger p-diddys sun door yumm..haha not really ay celeb but yeah! &amp;&amp; channing can tatum!!haha o damn!! 	0
name ay song yew kno all the lyrics to. umm yew outta kno ;) 	0
tragedy: rebecca black forced to drop out of school because of bullying. elsewhere..bullies back to picking on "real geeks" 	1
aye tell yew what let nights get on they bully & it include mee .. 	0
dumb bitch! fuck yew and your stupid friends! your all pussies! nun of yew cann handle on your own! yew always need your friends to get in everything! your honestly waiting m time but whtevrr.. aye don't care what yew think just mum and say it to my face.. 	1
@naureena_x @tomgibbons8 tom she bullying me:( aye think iff we meet yew in pony yew should b horrible to her for mee yes? thankss;-) 	1
were yew ever ay boy/girl scout? nope. 	0
do yew like sex uh i'm ay virgin. o: 	1
hav yew but any new clothing items this week? new unfortunately. 	0
hav yew gotten drunk after ay break up? iff not what crazy thing hav yew done? nash 	0
- the great earnings yield spread divergence: the bullish case http://t.co/ipmfrjh 	0
r yew more of ay proton or ay neutron? proton defiantly. positive polly yes aye am :] 	0
what was name of your first pet and why did yew give it that name. sassy. she was ay cat. aye hate cat's now. funny and weird huh? 	0
&amp;&amp; iff anyone gets tired of my questions or just generally annoyed with being slammed please let mee kno. aye am not here to bother anyone! thank yew! kk aye think ive got this message like 18 times already aha 	0
this is what happens when yew bully me.. #karma http://yfrog.com/gybqalatj 	1
great news for england cricket,biggest compliment is that they remind mee of aus at there peak,all round class en totally dominate en bully 	0
hav yew ever asked someone out on ay date? yes ma'am 	0
r yew working? not currently. :/ 	0
your so gay aha well you're fat. 	1
hav yew watched karate kid? aye watched it yesterday it's ay very nice movie :) yes aye hav. not the newest wan with will smith's kidd and the chinese boys pickin on him but aye hav all the others with the white kidd hahahha there all great movies :) 	0
where in ohio r yew from? cincinnati. you? 	0
why do girls let there guys do it anal? like aye think its like leading my man to go fuck ay guy!! thats ay kno kno to me!! aye dont. and yes aye see what your saying but not really buzz guys r different than how we think. aye think it more the forbidden territory to them so that's why they get so turned on when thinking about doing it in the but. aha just don't do it iff your not comfortable doing it. 	0
do yew hav ay calender in your room? nope 	0
@undeadholly aye suppose that will hav to do. bully 	1
hav yew ever taken dance lessons? nope aye was in gymnastics till 6th grade though 	0
my viv moment - an article on my anti-bully efforts. please read and share! http://t.co/v3m8gpc /via @wordpressdotcom 	0
what do yew think about parents who smoke pot around there children? the same as lachy. its dumb 	0
new video: funny dog videos - shirley the bully - "david vs. goliath" - http://t.co/klkyzwm 	0
“@fino76 @mrsstev0 @guinners1 huh! paul did start the bullying with the smart comment from the original tweet huh! #saynotocyberbullying huh! 	1
doihknowyuh?r andyuhrlike..spammingmyfs. nope. and yeah aye think thats what they call it? 	0
dang i'm not rollin that kind of cash! but ay question what's something crazy yew want to do before yew die? hav ay 3some with tu hot japanese women. 	1
how to stop the cyber bully - early warning signs, trust, openness and guidance http://t.co/jpky9ny 	0
far from ay bully but aye ain't ay punk 	1
aidan had another good day at school - kno checks! aye worry there might b ay bully in his class - aidan sounded.. http://t.co/zjerl8t 	1
iff yew wan ay $1 00 shopping spree for any store which store would yew pick? apple store!(; need ay mac pro! 	0
why do people kill themselves iff ay certain person does not love them? because they feel they hav noone else that will love them. but truly aye dont understand why people do that?? its very confusing to mee. there's only about ay biazillion people in this world that yew cann meet and fall in love with..why end it for wan individual. theres so much more out there! 	0
your mighty attractive <33 ;d aww thanks <3 aye wonder who this could be? ;)) 	0
paula, kirsten and lj's song about bullying. great job! (uploading more videos now.) http://fb.me/asim1gw1 	0
did yew kno gullible was written on the ceiling? aha. does that really work on people? aye am gullible at times but really? 	0
